
--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663290.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 16 Oct 2013 09:16:45 +0000 
Is 1:30 pm my time ok for you? 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
Le 16 oct. 2013 A 07:44, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
lets set aside . 30-45 minutes 
I. family personal transfer wealth, health.. 2 house. . 3 sultan plus 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663290

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663291.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Tue, 24 Sep 2013 08:46:42 +0000 
Sent from my iPad 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: September 24, 2013 at 2:52:16 AM AST 
To: Jeffrey Epstein < 
Best regards, 
EFTA00663291

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663292.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 16 Oct 2013 09:36:09 +0000 
Yes the nber at the bk is 
Speak to u then 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
Le 16 oct. 2013 a 11:25, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation®gmail.com> a &tit : 
yes„ what number should i call. 
On Wed, Oct 16, 2013 at 5:16 AM, A. de Rothschild ..tj 
> wrote: 
Is 1:30 pm my time ok for you? 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
Le 16 oct. 2013 a 07:44, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@grnail.com> a ecrit : 
lets set aside . 30-45 minutes 
1. family personal transfer wealth, health. . 2 house.. 3 sultan plus 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00663292
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663293

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663294.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Mark Tollison < 
>, Larry Visoski 
Subject: Fwd: Revised Stucco 
Date: Tue, 15 Oct 2013 01:20:48 +0000 
Attachments: photo_LJPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo_4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Jeffrey 
would it help if i forwarded the 2 synthetic samples, along with the swatch of the paint SW 6533 to NYC for you 
review? 
Forwarded message  
From: Brice Gordon < 
Date: Thu, Oct 10, 2013 at 12:18 PM 
Subject: Revised Stucco 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Cc: Larry Visoski c,
 Mark Tollison
Jeffrey 
attached photos of 2 x stucco samples at Larry's House 
Link to Stucco color sheet for your reference 
The Wall has been finished in Denim stucco 
The small synthetic sample up against the wall, is the closet match to SW6533 Mild Blue, 
JJ is prepared to do this at cost for $1100.00, instead of the $2000.00 originally quoted 
Zorro will assist in painting trim of house and garage 
we will need purchase more paint for to match selected color. 
how do you wish to proceed. 
regards 
Brice Gordon 
Zorro Ranch Rd 
Stanley, NM 87056 
Ph 
Brice Gordon 
Zorro Ranch Rd 
Stanley, NM 87056 
EFTA00663294
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ph: 
EFTA00663295

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663296.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: JP visit 
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 2013 00:09:13 +0000 
Mr. Dennis visit today was great I gave him a full tour of the Island, I prepared lunch and we chatted about the 
Island and the Beach. 
His ideas are basically the same as Ron but less intense. Ron wanted a minute by minute schedule on what 
everyone is suppose to do, JP thinks everyone just needs a schedule with an issued time limit and he did say that 
the beach needs to be raked twice a week for the sun to kill the eggs hidden under the sand. 
We had a blast, 
Ann R. 
On Sep 21, 2013, at 7:13 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how did jp do? any ideas? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663296

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663297.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Office of Terje Rod-Larsen 
Subject: October 16 update 
Date: Wed, 16 Oct 2013 10:30:45 +0000 
October, 2013 
Article 1. 
The Wall Street Journal 
Four Possible Deals with Iran 
Amos Yadlin and Avner Golov 
Article 2. 
Foreign Policy 
Democrats, Israel Lobby Threaten Iran Talks 
Yochi Dreazen, John Hudson 
Article 3. 
Bloomberg 
Five Things You Need to Know About the Iran Nuclear 
Talks 
Jeffrey Goldberg 
Article 4. 
Al Jazeera 
Reinforcing US Middle East policy 
Edward P. Djerejian 
Article 5. 
Politico 
America's role in the world 
Michael O'Hanlon and Jeremy Shapiro 
Article 6. 
The Huffington Post 
Palestinians in a Jewish State 
Nadim Nashif 
Article 7. 
Bloomberg 
Enough Already With the Worrying About America's Jews 
J.J. Goldberg 
Arncic 1 
The Wall Street Journal 
Four Possible Deals with Iran 
Amos Yadlin and Avner Golov 
October 16 - Hopes are running high in many quarters that the West and 
Iran could begin to work out a deal over the Iranian nuclear program this 
week in Geneva. As the Iranian deputy foreign minister, Abbas Araqchi, 
EFTA00663297
--- PAGE 2 ---
put it before the negotiations began on Tuesday: "We need to move 
towards a trust-building road map with the Westerners." Such sweet talk—
and the White House's strong desire to avoid a confrontation with Tehran—
could result in a dangerous deal that would lift international sanctions on 
Iran without ensuring an end to the Islamic Republic's nuclear-weapons 
program. 
This is not to say that any diplomatic solution would be a bad deal for the 
West. A diplomatic solution is welcome if it actually offers a better 
alternative than the two current options: bombing Iran's nuclear program or 
accepting Iran with a nuclear weapon. 
We see four types of potential deals that the six major powers currently 
gathered in Geneva could make with Iran: an ideal agreement, a reasonable 
agreement, a bad agreement and an agreement in phases. 
The ideal agreement for the so-called P5+1 (the permanent United Nations 
Security Council members—the U.S., Russia, China, the U.K. and France 
—plus Germany) consists of an Iranian commitment to dismantle its 
nuclear program. Tehran would stop enrichment at all levels—even for 
nonmilitary purposes. It would close Fordow, its underground enrichment 
facility, and the Arak reactor, which is capable of producing plutonium for 
a bomb. Iran would also have to ship out its entire stockpile of enriched 
uranium, which today is enough to produce five to seven bombs. 
Such an agreement would meet the stipulated demands of the Security 
Council, as well as prior demands by the U.S. and Israel. In exchange, the 
West would lift all sanctions on Iran. A less good, but still reasonable, 
agreement would be a compromise that meticulously addresses the critical 
elements of Iran's nuclear program. Iran would retain its right to enrich 
uranium, but only to a low 3.5%-5% nonmilitary grade. 
This agreement would put clear limits on Iran's centrifuges. The country, 
which currently has more than 19,000, would be allowed to keep a small, 
symbolic number to prove that Iran has the presumptive right to enrich for 
nonmilitary purposes. It would also cap the amount of enriched material, 
which the International Atomic Energy Agency would oversee. To ensure 
this, Iran would have to re-sign and implement the additional protocol, 
which would enable the IAEA to carry out much more thorough 
inspections. The Iranians would also have to guarantee that the Arak 
reactor is not functional. Fordow would be closed, and all Iranian nuclear 
EFTA00663298
--- PAGE 3 ---
activity would have to be carried out at Natanz. Last, the transformation to 
fuel rods would be done outside of Iran to ensure that the Iranians won't 
ever be able to use the enriched uranium for a bomb in case they abandon 
the agreement in the future. 
Although such an agreement does not meet the Security Council's demand 
for Iran to dismantle its nuclear program, it would give the West enough 
time to detect any Iranian violation—and, critically, to stop Iran from 
producing nuclear weapons if necessary. This compromise would prolong 
the Iranian breakout capacity timeline to years rather than months, and it 
may well be preferable to bombing Iran's nuclear program or accepting an 
Iranian nuclear weapon. 
A bad agreement would have the West ease sanctions against Tehran in 
exchange for a partial dismantlement of its nuclear program. Such a deal 
could, for example, limit Iran's uranium-enrichment level to a nonmilitary 
grade, but wouldn't put a cap on Iran's stockpile of centrifuges or wouldn't 
force the regime to shut down the Arak reactor. This would be disastrous 
for Western interests, because it would allow Iran to manufacture a nuclear 
weapon rapidly and whenever it wants, under the cover of an agreement 
with the international community. 
A fourth type of agreement would be a process of reciprocal, partial steps 
designed to build trust between the two sides. For example, Iran would 
agree not to continue to enrich to 20%, or would agree not to install new 
centrifuges, in exchange for sanction relief. This seems to be the type of 
agreement that the P5+1 is pursuing. 
If the West is considering striking such a deal, maintaining current 
economic sanctions on Iran is critical. Sanctions are the very leverage that 
could be used to elicit a reasonable or even good deal at the end of the 
process. Only after Iran proves its resolve to abandon all the key elements 
in its military nuclear program should sanctions be lifted, and not a 
moment before. 
Of the four possible agreements between the West and Iran, neither the bad 
deal nor the deal in phases can ensure the end of Iran's nuclear program. 
They also don't offer an alternative preferable to currently available 
options. On the contrary, they give cover to Iran's nuclear program and 
place the decision-making power on the timing of nuclear-weapon 
breakout in the mullahs' hands. 
EFTA00663299
--- PAGE 4 ---
By the end of Tuesday's negotiations, Iranian foreign minister Javad Zarif 
had offered a PowerPoint presentation, details publicly unknown but 
described as "very useful" by the spokesman for the European Union's top 
foreign-policy official at the talks. According to several reports, the basic 
outline of the Iranian proposal has Tehran offering to limit enrichment in 
exchange for the West easing up on sanctions. So far, it sounds like the 
worst kind of reciprocal agreement—one in which the West would be 
forced to give up on its key leverage. 
In a recent interview President Obama said that he would not take "a bad 
deal." What he means by that isn't clear. The U.S., Europe and Israel must 
privately come to an agreement on what a bad deal would look like—and, 
just as important, get on the same page about the parameters of a good 
deal, which would ensure that Iran is years away from the bomb. 
Western diplomats in Geneva need to find their way to a reasonable deal if 
reaching an ideal agreement proves impossible. A bad deal or even a 
phased agreement would be a defeat. In dealing with Iran, this is the hour 
of truth for Western diplomacy. 
Gen. Yadlin, who is retired from the military, is a former chief of Israeli 
defense intelligence and the director of Israel's Institute for National 
Security Studies, where Mr. Golov is a researcher. 
Anicic 2 
Foreign Policy 
Democrats,  Israel Lobby Threaten Iran Talks 
Yochi Dreazen, John Hudson 
October 15, 2013 -- The Obama administration is facing an unexpected 
hurdle in its new nuclear talks with Iran - a sizeable bloc of Democratic 
lawmakers who have made clear that they would break with the White 
House and fight any effort to lift the current sanctions on Tehran. The 
future of those sanctions is a key issue in this week's negotiations in 
Geneva between senior officials from Iran and the U.S., the most serious 
talks between the two longtime adversaries in decades. Iranian Foreign 
Minister Mohamad Javad Zarif kicked off Monday's session with a 
EFTA00663300
--- PAGE 5 ---
PowerPoint presentation, delivered in English, which offered to put new 
limits on his country's nuclear program in exchange for easing the Western 
sanctions that have devastated the Iranian economy and decimated the 
value of its currency. The White House has alreadygnaled a potential 
openness to that kind of deal, but a wide array of powerful Democrats --
including the top members of both the Senate and House foreign affairs 
committees -- strongly oppose lifting any of the existing sanctions on Iran 
unless Tehran offers concessions that go far beyond anything Zarif has 
talked about in Geneva. The American Israel Public Affairs Committee, 
one of the most powerful lobbies in Washington, has also promised to do 
everything in its power to keep the punitive measures in place. "If the 
president were to ask for a lifting of existing sanctions it would be 
extremely difficult in the House and Senate to support that," Rep. Steve 
Israel (D-NY), chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign 
Committee, told The Cable. "I'm willing to listen but I think that asking 
Congress to weaken and diminish current sanctions is not hospitable on 
Capitol Hill." 
"I'd say no," said Sen. Bob Casey (D-PA) when asked if he'd accept a 
presidential plea to lift sanctions. "They've got a long way to go to 
demonstrate the kind of credibility that would lead us to believe we can 
move in a conciliatory direction. And sanctions are what has strengthened 
the administration's hand." 
Opposition from Democratic lawmakers represents more than just a 
political headache for the administration. Congress has the power to 
impose, modify or remove sanctions regardless of what the White House 
wants, and it has shown a willingness to overrule the administration in the 
past. In late 2011, for instance, New Jersey Democrat Robert Menendez, a 
senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, worked with 
Illinois Republican Mark Kirk to impose crushing sanctions on the Iranian 
central bank despite strong opposition from the administration. 
It is far from clear that Iran will offer enough concessions in the current 
talks for the administration to seriously consider softening or lifting the 
current sanctions. The Rouhani government has insisted on the right to 
continue enriching uranium on its own soil, something the White House 
opposes. Tehran has also yet to signal a clear willingness to shutter its 
underground, heavily-fortified nuclear plant at Qom, a source of particular 
EFTA00663301
--- PAGE 6 ---
concern for both the U.S. and Israel because it is largely impervious to 
airstrikes, or to dismantle any of its centrifuges. Even if Rouhani signed 
off, meanwhile, Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, could veto 
the deal. 
Still, the Obama administration's chief nuclear negotiator, Wendy Sherman, 
told a Senate panel earlier this month that the White House was willing to 
potentially soften some of its sanctions if Tehran took "verifiable, concrete 
actions" to delay its nuclear program. Sherman also urged lawmakers to 
hold off on imposing new sanctions on Iran until Tehran detailed its 
potential nuclear concessions at this week's talks. Sherman's testimony 
sparked predictable outrage from Republicans like Kirk, who said her 
comments showed that the White House was pursuing a policy of 
"appeasement," but many Democrats were just as upset. Massachusetts 
Senator Ed Markey said the U.S. "should not relax the sanctions one inch 
while Iran's intentions are still unknown." 
Markey is far from the only Democrat who believes that the White House 
needs to not just keep the current measures in place but also prepare to add 
newer, tougher ones. 
"The intent of sanctions is to force Iran to halt and dismantle its nuclear 
weapons program," lawmakers from both parties wrote in a letter this week 
signed by prominent Democrats like Senator Patty Murray of Washington, 
the head of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. "Once this 
goal has been accomplished in a real, transparent, and verifiable way we 
will be prepared to remove existing sanctions in a measured, sequenced 
manner. However, at this time, we reaffirm that a credible military threat 
remains on the table and we underscore the imperative that the current 
sanctions be maintained aggressively." 
Trita Parsi, the president of the National Iranian American Council, a group 
that lobbies on behalf of the Iranian American community, said Tehran 
would almost certainly reject any call to entirely dismantle its nuclear 
program before the current measures are softened or removed. 
"The bar being set by the senators is wholly unrealistic," Parsi said. "To say 
that existing sanctions won't be lifted is a non-starter." 
Meanwhile, as the voices of Iran hawks dominate the halls of Congress, 
Democratic lawmakers who support a less rigid opening position have 
EFTA00663302
--- PAGE 7 ---
been largely silent, such as Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) or Rep. Jim 
McGovern (D-Mass). 
Some have chalked up the relative silence to the shutdown. "We're in such 
a weird situation on the Hill with the shutdown and all the oxygen is pretty 
much going to that fight," said Rep David Price (D-NC) who gathered 131 
signatures in favor of engagement with Rouhani in July. 
Others chalked up the lack of administration support to a desire to wait-
and-see how the talks unfold. "Rouhani is still a little bit of a mystery to 
everyone," said a top Senate aide whose boss leans dovish. "On one hand, 
we've seen this movie before -- crazy nuke states pretend to negotiate while 
buying time to enrich (a la North Korea) ... [B]ut his perceived openness 
seems to have the implicit backing of the mullahs -- which adds a new 
element to these negotiations, and one that could result in some actual 
concessions." 
Still, lawmakers like Menendez, Murray and Kirk show no signs of 
softening their positions. Their demands to maintain the current measures 
reflect, in part, the success of a concerted lobbying campaign by AIPAC. 
The pro-Israel group has sat out some recent potential fights over large-
scale U.S. weapons sales to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates in 
order to focus all of its energy on Iran. During its annual conference in 
February, AIPAC sent hundreds of volunteers to Capitol Hill to personally 
lobby lawmakers from their home states to support tough measures on Iran. 
It has also drafted templates of letters lawmakers could send the White 
House under their own names calling for continued sanctions on Iran. 
Iran is one of the few issues that bind Democrats and Republicans, so 
AIPAC is in some ways preaching to the choir. Israel said he hadn't been 
lobbied by the group, but he said it had no reason to. 
"Maybe they're not talking to me because they know my profile is strong 
and deep on this issue," Israel said. 
Bloomberg 
Five Things You Need to Know About the 
Iran Nuclear Talks 
Jeffrey Goldberg 
EFTA00663303
--- PAGE 8 ---
October 15 - Five quick observations about tomorrow's negotiations 
between the so-called P5 + 1 (the permanent United Nations Security 
Council members and Germany) and the Islamic Republic of Iran. (More 
observations to come, undoubtedly.): 
1. This meeting represents the first actual negotiation between Iran and the 
135 + 1. Previous iterations of these negotiations were held even though 
there was no possible chance of agreement. They were held in part to 
demonstrate a Western willingness to talk and to forestall an Israeli attack 
on Iran's nuclear sites: It would have been exceedingly hard for Israel to 
attack Iran while negotiations -- even useless negotiations -- were taking 
place. This remains particularly true today. 
2. The Iranian delegation is going to Geneva in order to offer the minimum 
concessions necessary to win the maximum level of sanctions relief (the 
sanctions that deny Iran access to the international banking system are the 
most crucial). These concessions could include a promise of increased 
transparency, in which the international community might be granted 
greater visibility into Iranian nuclear sites. But because the Iranians have 
already promised to reject any call to ship out enriched uranium, whatever 
the Iranians offer this week -- here comes a bold prediction -- will not put 
Iran on a quick path to the easing of sanctions. 
3. However: One of the American delegates to these talks is Adam Szubin, 
the director of the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, 
which oversees the sanctions regime. His presence at the talks may be a 
signal that the U.S. is willing to put sanctions relief on the table quickly. 
4. My impression is that the Barack Obama administration would not 
particularly mind rewarding interim Iranian concessions with the 
unfreezing of certain Iranian assets held in Western banks. This would 
cause an uproar among hardliners -- the Israeli prime minister, Benjamin 
Netanyahu, would certainly be unhappy -- but the White House could state, 
truthfully, that it has not tampered with the sanctions. A one-time transfer 
of cash to Iran does not necessarily signal permanent change, although it 
would certainly be interpreted that way in many quarters. 
5. Reducing Iran's stockpile of enriched uranium is an important goal, but 
a more important goal for the West would be to make sure Iran isn't 
building redundant enrichment facilities. There is a chance, of course, that 
EFTA00663304
--- PAGE 9 ---
Iran already has secret nuclear facilities (both the Natanz facility and the 
Fordo facility were carefully hidden from prying eyes for several years 
before they were discovered), so redundancy might be an intelligence 
problem, rather than a negotiations problem. But it seems useful to 
remember that real redundancy in the Iranian nuclear apparatus -- 15 or 20 
or 30 different facilities, spread throughout the country -- would make it 
much harder for Obama (to say nothing of Netanyahu) to credibly threaten 
military force. It is the all-options-are-on-the-table threat that, with 
sanctions, is bringing Iran to the table. 
Al Jazeera 
Reinforcing  US Middle East  policy 
Edward P. Dj crejian 
October 15 - Dean Acheson once described foreign policy as "one damn 
thing after another" and recent events in the Middle East certainly lend 
credence to that thought. Syria, Egypt, Iran and Iraq all pose serious threats 
to regional peace and security. The decades-long Israeli-Palestinian 
conflict, if not resolved, can lead to another crisis. The United States has 
been closely involved in all these countries and has expended much blood 
and treasure in Iraq and Afghanistan. There is now weariness in America 
over our involvement in the Middle East, especially militarily. President 
Obama addressed these issues in his UN General Assembly speech on 
September 24 and made clear that while overextension in the region is to 
be avoided, the United States cannot turn away from the Middle East given 
our national security interests and our humanitarian values. 
The recent confluence of events in Syria, Egypt, Iran, and in the Israeli-
Palestinian context present complex challenges to US policy interests and 
policy formulation, but also unique opportunities. The convoluted scenario 
leading to the US-Russian agreement to dismantle Syria's chemical 
weapons stockpile is an opportunity not only to try to rid the Syrian regime 
of its WMD capabilities, but also to build US-Russian cooperation into a 
political solution to the Syrian civil war. There is no military solution to the 
Syrian crisis, only a political solution that produces a cease-fire between 
EFTA00663305
--- PAGE 10 ---
the regime and the opposition and a political transition leading to a post-
Asad era. The international community, including Russia and Iran, has no 
interest in an unstable Syria. 
The election of President Hassan Rouhani of Iran is another opportunity 
that should be exploited to determine if his conciliatory words toward 
constructive engagement with the international community and especially 
the United States can be turned into actual deeds by the Iranian regime led 
by the Ayatollah Khameni. President Obama stated his clear but guarded 
intent to engage with Iran and Rouhani reiterated a similar intent for 
"constructive engagement" with the international community, especially 
the United States. The nuclear issue, terrorism, Iran's role in Syria and 
support of Hezbollah, its influence in Afghanistan and now in Iraq, its 
potential threat to Arab Gulf security, and its policy toward Israel are all 
compelling national security interests for the United States and our allies. 
Akin to the need for US engagement with Russia on Syria, the United 
States should explore the Iranian offer to engage in a dialogue - not for the 
sake of talk alone, but to determine if there is real common ground upon 
which agreements may be reached. To do so, everything will have to be put 
on the table. Rouhani has prioritised the nuclear issue as the first agenda 
item to be discussed to try to reach an agreement under an accelerated time 
frame. This is an ambitious but welcome development. Nevertheless, any 
US-Iran dialogue will have to address all the major issues as well as the 
mutual interests of both sides in order to achieve sustainable results. 
To the Obama administration's credit, it has reinitiated direct Israeli-
Palestinian negotiations to try to achieve a permanent two-state solution. In 
this central issue, the United States is engaging in intensive diplomacy that 
goes beyond conflict management to conflict resolution. That should be the 
paradigm it follows toward the Syrian crisis and Iran. The United States 
can react to "one damn thing after another" in the Middle East or it can 
make the difficult but much more strategic effort to help resolve the 
underlying issues catalysing conflicts throughout the region. It is a question 
of political will and commitment to promote and safeguard our national 
security interests and humanitarian values. In this respect, this is not a 
formula for overextension in the Middle East, but for the deliberate 
conduct of coherent and reinforcing diplomacy to achieve progress on 
issues that affect regional and global peace and security. 
EFTA00663306
--- PAGE 11 ---
In so doing, we must accept the possibility of failure. An important 
question is whether or not a political consensus can be achieved in 
Washington between the Republicans and Democrats to pursue such a 
policy on a bipartisan basis. The stakes are high and one can only hope, 
perhaps idealistically, for a return to the days when partisan politics 
stopped at the water's edge. While Acheson decried "events" forcing 
foreign policy decision-making, under the Truman administration he and 
his colleagues (George Marshall, George Kennan, Will Clayton and others) 
guided US foreign policy formulation to its apex with great initiatives that 
shaped the international landscape, such as the Marshall Plan, the 
containment policy vis-a-vis the Soviet Union and the creation of the 
United Nations. Can we emulate today, admittedly in different historical 
circumstances, that bridge from conflict management to conflict 
resolution? 
Edward Djerejian is the founding director of Rice University's Baker 
Institute for Public Policy and a former US ambassador to Syria and 
Israel. 
Article 5 
Politico 
America's role in the world 
Michael O'Hanlon and Jeremy Shapiro 
October 15 - President Barack Obama's reluctance to intervene in Syria has 
occasioned yet another round of soul-searching on America's role in the 
world. His reflective speech at the U.N. General Assembly has led 
commentators to wonder whether the United States remains willing to play 
its traditional and indispensable role in maintaining world order. "Nation-
building at home" is the newest term of art, and even the dreaded I-word is 
making one of its periodic comebacks. Bill Keller of The New York Times 
sees a "new isolationism" creeping across the land, while Sen. John 
McCain alleges that there are 15 isolationists in the Senate GOP caucus. 
This debate on America's role in the world is not new — indeed, it is a 
constant and a healthy conversation. America's expansive commitments 
EFTA00663307
--- PAGE 12 ---
and unique power deserve constant re-evaluation. But however one feels 
about the wisdom of deeper involvement in Syria — and the two of us 
disagree among ourselves on that point — it should be easy to see that 
Obama's America is not retreating and will not retreat from the world. 
More than 50,000 U.S. troops remain in Afghanistan — more than when 
Obama took office in early 2009. The president has committed to do what 
is necessary to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. Recent events 
have created greater hope for a diplomatic resolution with Iran, but the 
United States is still committed to that promise and the military option is 
still on the proverbial table. That is a huge prospective commitment, even 
if the odds of that being necessary in the future may be (thankfully) 
declining. The "rebalancing" to Asia has manifested itself in numerous 
military and nonmilitary measures that have certainly gotten China's 
attention, among its other effects. 
Obama's record shows that he recognizes America's capacity to project 
military power around the world is its unique strength and an underpinning 
to the global order. He has therefore used American military forces 
repeatedly in such diverse locales as Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, Libya, 
Somalia and Uganda, among others. The U.S. military retains its global 
presence and American forces continue, again uniquely, to patrol every 
ocean and to protect the global commons. 
But Obama also sees an America that is weary of war, fiscally constrained 
and in the view of many sometimes reckless in its use of force. Whatever 
one's views on the latter point, there is little doubt in the eyes of most 
Americans that the wars of the past dozen years have been very difficult 
and costly — and that they are not to be repeated. 
The president has sought to acknowledge those two truths both by 
sharpening America's nonmilitary tools for international engagement and 
by exercising greater prudence and restraint in the use of force than some 
of his predecessors. This reflects a sense that American power is not 
enhanced by unnecessary wars that waste resources and erode American 
will. He also talks about ending the major wars in Iraq and Afghanistan 
even while continuing to prosecute military operations on several fronts. 
To some, his rhetoric is not sufficiently Churchillian; to others, he may 
hedge and cover his political flanks more than would be advisable. But 
EFTA00663308
--- PAGE 13 ---
whatever one's take on his communications strategies, the actions should 
not be forgotten. 
Obama's priorities are clear: maintaining great-power peace, preventing the 
proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and combating Al Qaeda and 
related groups — on these matters, very little retrenchment is visible in 
U.S. policy. Creating stability in places like Syria, Libya, Iraq and Egypt, 
while desirable in principle, is a second-tier priority in the president's eyes 
— especially in light of the evident difficulty of making a difference for 
the better in such places over the past decade. 
Within the confines of that overall approach, it is possible to differ on very 
important specifics about how best to deploy scarce U.S. resources and 
political capital. Are U.S. military forces in Europe still necessary or 
useful? Did the United States do enough in Libya, where the world's 
collective role in helping Libyans build a post-Qadhafi state has been 
minimalist? Should the United States intervene militarily in Syria? They 
are not easy questions, and at times this administration has stumbled in 
trying to answer them. So has Congress, especially in its willingness to 
tolerate sequestration and even a government shutdown and a debt default 
— blunders that could pose far greater threats to American internationalism 
than anything emanating from the White House. 
Michael 0 'Hanlon is a senior fellow in foreign policy studies at The 
Brookings Institution. Jeremy Shapiro is a visiting fellow at Brookings and 
a former State Department official. 
Ar6cle 6 
The Huffington Post 
Palestinians in a Jewish State 
Nadim Nashif 
October 15 - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's much-
ballyhooed speech at the UN has been described as "Iran-heavy and 
Palestine-lite." The problems Netanyahu is seeking to distract attention 
from are not limited to the Palestinian territory Israel occupied in 1967 but 
also extend to the basic rights of the Palestinian citizens of Israel. 
EFTA00663309
--- PAGE 14 ---
The latest round of peace negotiations, or rather, negotiations about peace 
negotiations, has a distinctly hollow ring to it. Secretary of State John 
Kerry's determination to restart the 'peace process' in any form, regardless 
of Israel's increasing intransigence, contained more than a hint of 
desperation. The gradual disappearance of the peace process from Israeli 
political discourse, and the reluctance of Israeli politicians to discuss the 
occupation or solutions to it, suggests a climate in Israel's corridors of 
power which is ill-suited to any meaningful progress being made in the 
long-running saga of peace negotiations. 
Israel has appeared somewhat bemused at the enthusiasm of its American 
ally but it stands to gain little from actively resisting Kerry's initiative. 
Instead, it has openly declared its willingness to attend negotiations, while 
simultaneously pursuing a 'business as usual' strategy which seems almost 
purposefully designed to extinguish trust and kill off expectations. 
Recently, 17 members of Netanyahu's governing coalition wrote a letter 
insisting that "Israel will not return to the Oslo outline, and will not hand 
further parts of the motherland to the Palestinian Authority." The governing 
coalition is clearly not serious about a meaningful peace deal and the 
Israeli military, at the government's behest, is doing its utmost to force 
Palestinian negotiators away from the table by creating an extremely tense 
climate. Israeli forces have killed six Palestinians since talks began, 
including civilians. 
Crucially, Netanyahu seems fixated on obtaining formal recognition of 
Israel as a Jewish state by the Palestinians, and indeed the Arab world as a 
whole. To be clear, Israel is already a Jewish state, one which clearly 
defines itself as such, and one which since its inception has pursued 
policies to strengthen, reinforce, and increase its Jewish character. These 
policies are pursued through all the means available to the state, whether it 
be violence through the destruction of Palestinian homes and villages, 
through legal rulings legislating the confiscation of Arab lands, or through 
countless, successive government policies which formalize Jewish 
hegemony and superiority over the indigenous Arab population. 
By insisting on official recognition of Israel as a Jewish state, Netanyahu 
and his coalition seek to legitimize Israel's pursuit of undemocratic policies 
to bolster the Jewishness of the state. Democratic norms and the spirit of 
modern participatory democracy require a citizen-state relationship based 
EFTA00663310
--- PAGE 15 ---
on equality of citizenship. Israel instead supports an unequal citizenship 
whereby the citizen-state relationship is conceptualized as an ethno-
religious relationship, privileging Jews above its Arab Palestinian citizens. 
To illustrate the point, a Jewish American who voices an interest in 
emigrating to Israel will receive a heightened form of Israeli citizenship 
compared to the country's original Palestinian citizens, enabling them to 
settle in areas barred to Palestinians, or to bring a spouse of their choosing 
to the country. 
Palestinian recognition of Israel as a Jewish state would condemn the 
estimated 1.3 million Palestinians with Israeli citizenship to a permanent 
status of inequality, prejudice their quest for equality, and pre-empt the 
right to claim equality. There is a danger that by instituting the West Bank 
(or parts of it) as a Palestinian state and Israel as a Jewish one, the conflict 
will be seen as solved by the international community, ignoring the lives of 
Israel's Palestinian citizens and their children while legitimizing their 
dispossession and unequal allocation of rights and resources on the basis of 
Israel's agreed-upon 'Jewish' character. 
Any settlement to the conflict must involve recognition of the individual 
and collective rights of all parties, Jews and Arabs. The pursuit of 
discriminatory policies with the justification that Israel is a Jewish state is 
both unethical and undemocratic. Yet Israel is actively promoting in its 
schools the idea of Israel as a Jewish state and downplaying the importance 
of being a democratic state. Palestinians, who represent some 20 percent of 
Israel's population, have long faced discrimination in the Israeli 
educational system, but after recent years brought mild improvements are 
now once again facing open efforts in the school textbooks to diminish 
their standing and to disparage the notion of equality of citizenship. 
It is illogical for a country with mixed demographics to define itself on the 
identity of just one sector of society, in the same way that it would be 
unimaginable for the United States to characterize itself as a Christian 
state. Forced dispossession and the exile of most Palestinians from the 
areas now under Israeli jurisdiction mean that Jews now make up 75 
percent of the population of Israel. 
Those Palestinians who managed to remain should not continue to suffer 
from second-class citizenship simply because their identity is at odds with 
the identity of the new majority population. Neither should the 
EFTA00663311
--- PAGE 16 ---
normalization of this status become a pre-requisite for a peace deal. The 
Obama administration should take every opportunity to remind Netanyahu 
that the United States takes equal rights very seriously both in the occupied 
territories and within Israel itself. Clearly, such rights are absent for 
Palestinians in both geographical areas. President Obama should note the 
discrimination and clearly state that the United States does not approve. At 
long last, Prime Minister Netanyahu should be put on notice. 
Nadim Nashif is founder and Director of Baladna, the Association for Arab 
Youth and a Policy Member of Al-Shabaka: The Palestinian Policy 
Network 
Article 7.
Bloomberg, 
Enough Already With the Worrying  About 
America's Jews 
J.J. Goldberg 
October 15 - Leading voices of U.S. Judaism have expressed despair over a 
recent survey that found sharply declining interest in the religion among 
American Jews. The Pew Research Center survey, the most comprehensive 
study of American Jews in more than a decade, also suggests a new peak in 
what was already a high rate of interfaith marriage. 
Slightly more than one-fifth of those interviewed identified themselves as 
Jewish by "culture" or "ancestry" and chose "none" when asked their 
religion. Among those "Jews of no religion," or about 1.2 million adults, 
fully two-thirds said they weren't raising their children as Jews. 
Rabbis and community leaders across the country fret that American Jews, 
except the most Orthodox, are rapidly dissolving into the broader American 
landscape. Commentary magazine called the Pew study "a portrait of a 
shrinking community." The Jewish Week of New York, in an editorial titled 
"Losing Our Faith," wondered "whether Judaism can survive long-term in 
this country without religious belief and practice at its core." 
In fact, after a close examination of the numbers, the new survey shows a 
population in the midst of a healthy growth spurt, though it seems to have 
EFTA00663312
--- PAGE 17 ---
escaped the notice of many rabbis and other Jewish community leaders. 
Skepticism's Role 
To begin with, consider the raw numbers. Pew found a Jewish population 
in the U.S. of either 6.3 million or 6.7 million, depending on your 
definition (specifically, whether you include about 300,000 children being 
raised as "partly Jewish"). The last widely accepted population estimate, in 
1990, was 5.5 million. 
As for rising intermarriage, that's a misreading of the Pew report, which 
shows that intermarriage has leveled off, after rising steadily from 1970 
until about 1995. 
Then there's the alarm over growing numbers of Jews disavowing religion. 
That's simply wrong, for two reasons. 
First, it's a statistical error. Pew compared the proportion of "Jews of no 
religion" in its survey -- 22 percent -- with a parallel figure in the last 
major survey a decade ago: 7 percent. 
Alas, that previous survey, the National Jewish Population Survey 2000-
01, was a multimillion-dollar fiasco. Delayed for two years, it was 
subjected to two outside commissions of inquiry. One was led by Mark 
Schulman, who was then the head of the prestigious American Association 
for Public Opinion Research; his report found the survey to be riddled with 
dozens of mishaps and methodological missteps. 
One error was a Jewish population count of 5.2 million, which led to a 
panic that Jews were disappearing. Another was a decision not to examine 
the religious attitudes of persons with "weak Jewish connections." This 
led, among other things, to a serious undercount of nonreligious Jews. The 
final text warned readers repeatedly not to compare its findings with other 
surveys. Apparently the warning wasn't repeated often enough. 
To get a clearer picture, it's best to look back another decade to the 
generally well-regarded 1990 survey. Its 5.5 million Jews included 1.1 
million "of no religion." That's 20 percent, statistically identical to this 
year's figure. In other words, there has been no change. 
No less important, religious skepticism is an integral and, to many minds, 
honored part of modern Judaism. Over the last two centuries, since the 
Enlightenment, this cast of mind has been the norm, not the exception. 
Modern Israel was founded by secular Jews rebelling against religious 
passivity. Today, just 20 percent of Israelis call themselves religious -- by 
EFTA00663313
--- PAGE 18 ---
which Israelis mean Orthodox -- and 37 percent say they are moderately 
traditional. The remaining 42 percent are firmly secular, twice the 
proportion of American Jews. 
Even among the majority of American Jews who told Pew they're Jewish 
by religion, only 17 percent said being Jewish is mainly a matter of 
religion, and just 39 percent said they're certain God exists. 
Feared Collapse 
But what about the two-thirds of nonreligious Jews who say they aren't 
raising their children as Jews? Doesn't that point to a looming 
demographic collapse? 
Not likely. The 1990 survey found that close to half of all Jews getting 
married at the time were marrying non-Jews, and only 28 percent of 
interfaith couples said they were raising their children as Jews. This led to 
another panic. Today, a generation later, Pew has caught up with those 
children, who are now adults. Whatever their parents intended, almost half 
identify unambiguously as Jews -- about 23 percent by religion and 23 
percent without. It seems the ones who were "raised as Jews" became Jews 
by religion. The rest adopted their parents' skepticism along with their 
heritage. 
These are the folks we used to call "half-Jews," though the term has largely 
fallen out of favor. 
What sort of Jews are they? Here's what we know: They're more likely to 
marry non-Jews, and they are less likely to fast on Yom Kippur or donate 
to Jewish charities than adults with two Jewish parents. 
They're less tribal than two-parent Jews. Inevitably so: The gentiles whom 
traditional Jews know as "the Other" are the grandparents and cousins of 
these offspring of mixed marriages. In that and many other ways, they're 
changing the nature of American Judaism. That's the point: Jewish life in 
America is evolving, not disappearing. 
In at least one important way, they're more Jewish than the two-parent 
Jews: If Jews are outliers in white America, starkly more liberal and more 
Democratic than their neighbors, the mixed-heritage Jews and "Jews of no 
religion" are even more liberal and more Democratic. And no surprise: 
They are the living evidence that America has accepted and embraced Jews 
as no society in history has done. They owe their very existence to 
tolerance and diversity. 
EFTA00663314
--- PAGE 19 ---
Jewish Experience 
At the same time, if the Jewish experience is to be an outsider, the people 
with mixed parents are outsiders among the outsiders. Jews are never fully 
at home wherever they call home. The products of two-faith parents aren't 
quite at home even among their fellow Jews. They are the paradox of the 
new Jewish experience in America. 
Will their children be Jewish? Who knows? They themselves weren't 
supposed to be Jewish, but they are. And they have a choice. 
But this good news will never convince the hand-wringers. Every new 
survey provides new evidence that the end is just around the corner. 
In May 1964, Look magazine published a cover story titled "The Vanishing 
American Jew." Forty-nine years later, Look has vanished, but the Jews are 
still here. The children are turning out fine. 
J.J. Goldberg is editor-at-large of the Jewish Daily Forward and the 
author of "Jewish Power: Inside the American Jewish Establishment." 
EFTA00663315

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663316.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L."
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Fw: NYS Dept of Taxation Petition acknowledgement letter 
Date: Wed, 16 Oct 2013 10:59:41 +0000 
Let me check. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, October 16, 2013 01:49 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: Re: Fw: NYS Dept of Taxation Petition acknowledgement letter 
to be sure, did we send the attachment in word or pdf 
On Tue, Oct 15, 2013 at 6:46 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. < 
> wrote: 
No. Nothing. We sent them everything. I'm just forwarding their communication evidencing that they are "working on 
it." 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, October 15, 2013 06:43 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Subject: Re: Fw: NYS Dept of Taxation Petition acknowledgement letter 
do you have the attachment i gave you in word form or do i need to do something 
On Tue, Oct 15, 2013 at 6:27 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. < 
wrote: 
This just in. 
From: Biegel, Chelsie 
Sent: Tuesday, October 15, 2013 05:37 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Cc: Dickson, Wanda 
Subject: NYS Dept of Taxation Petition acknowledgement letter 
Attached is a letter just received from the NYS Dept of Taxation referencing Andrew's petition for an 
Advisory Opinion. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is 
confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not 
the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, 
disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and 
destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or 
hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
EFTA00663316
--- PAGE 2 ---
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or 
protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you 
have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. 
Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification 
of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663317
--- PAGE 3 ---
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA00663318

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663319.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Lang, Caroline"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Tomorrow 
Date: Sat, 12 Oct 2013 17:48:12 +0000 
Ok you can tell me at the last minute 
Le 12 oct. 2013 A 19:44, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
need to check in the morning if i can change an appt. 
On Sat, Oct 12, 2013 at 6:36 PM, Lang, Caroline
Do you want to join us for lunch tomorrow ? 17 place des Vosges paris 4 eme 
> wrote: 
Le 12 oct. 2013 A 17:10, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
great.. did you put it aside? . if not do so , I will have someone go on monday to conclude 
On Sat, Oct 12, 2013 at 4:54 PM, Lang, Caroline < 
wrote: 
I Found something! 
Le 12 oct. 2013 A 14:02, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> a &lit : 
Make sure he doesn't wait to eat , start 
On Saturday, October 12, 2013, Lang, Caroline wrote: 
Ok 
Le 12 oct. 2013 a 13:50, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
Ten minutes late traffic 
On Saturday, October 12, 2013, Lang, Caroline wrote: 
Confirmed at 2 pm at the Park Hyatt 
Le 12 oct. 2013 a 10:51, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation®gmail.com> a ecrit : 
1400? 
On Sat, Oct 12, 2013 at 10:44 AM, Lang, Caroline < 
wrote: 
My father suggests to have lunch at the Park Hyatt hotel What do you think? 
Le 11 oct. 2013 A 20:01, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
EFTA00663319
--- PAGE 2 ---
fine . whatever is easy 
On Fri, Oct II, 2013 at 7:40 PM, Lang, Caroline ce 
wrote: 
I Would you like my father to join us for lunch or do you want to see him another time? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
****** ***************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA00663320
--- PAGE 3 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************************** 
******* 
****** ******************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663321

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663322.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Lang, Caroline"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Tomorrow 
Date: Sat, 12 Oct 2013 17:49:22 +0000 
I will see if we can arrange it 
Le 12 oct. 2013 a 19:47, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> a emit : 
I see the bunkuru is tomoorw at 3. , i would love go to the second half. 
On Sat, Oct 12, 2013 at 6:36 PM, Lang, Caroline
Do you want to join us for lunch tomorrow ? 17 place des Vosges paris 4 eme 
> wrote: 
Le 12 oct. 2013 a 17:10, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
great.. did you put it aside? . if not do so , I will have someone go on monday to conclude 
On Sat, Oct 12, 2013 at 4:54 PM, Lang, Caroline < 
> wrote: 
I Found something! 
Le 12 oct. 2013 ik 14:02, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
Make sure he doesn't wait to eat , start 
On Saturday, October 12, 2013, Lang, Caroline wrote: 
Ok 
Le 12 oct. 2013 a 13:50, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
Ten minutes late traffic 
On Saturday, October 12, 2013, Lang, Caroline wrote: 
Confirmed at 2 pm at the Park Hyatt 
Le 12 oct. 2013 1 10:51, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> a ecrit : 
1400? 
On Sat, Oct 12, 2013 at 10:44 AM, Lang, Caroline < 
wrote: 
My father suggests to have lunch at the Park Hyatt hotel What do you think? 
Le 11 oct. 2013 120:01, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> a &fit : 
EFTA00663322
--- PAGE 2 ---
fine . whatever is easy 
On Fri, Oct II, 2013 at 7:40 PM, Lang, Caroline ce 
wrote: 
I Would you like my father to join us for lunch or do you want to see him another time? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
****** ***************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA00663323
--- PAGE 3 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************************** 
******* 
****** ******************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663324

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663325.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 2013 00:16:08 +0000 
A jk 
Ann R. 
On Sep 21, 2013, at 7:13 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
how did jp do? any ideas? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663325

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663326.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "COLOM, Olivier"
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 12 Oct 2013 17:51:18 +0000 
Want to buy the property that is at the ground floor of the building where I bought a flat? 
The Ricard family (Pernod-Ricard) were living there but Patrick Ricard died in September 2012 in Marseilles and his widow 
just decided to sell. 
Fantastic location (6th arr), 100 m from Saint-Sulpice, 16th century building, absolute quietness, secluded garden (about 
sqm), flat around 500 sqm, with a big garage in addition...They want 12 millions euros I think. 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [maitto:jeevacation@gmall.com] 
Envoye : Saturday, October 12, 2013 05:13 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
2512 
2013/10/12 COLOM, Olivier 
Outside your building now. Code? 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [malltoleevacationegmail.com
Envoye : Saturday, October 12, 2013 10:41 AM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
16301? lets see weather. 
2013/10/12 COLOM, Olivier
In a better mood now! Want a walk in Luxembourg garden this afternoon? 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@amail.com 
pivoye : Saturday, October 12, 2013 10:37 AM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : 
feeling better? schedule? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA00663326
--- PAGE 2 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
g , 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
necessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et etablis a ('attention 
exclusive des destinataires prevus par l'expediteur. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire de 
ce message, nous vous remercions de le detruire immediatement et d'en avertir 
l'expediteur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisee de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son 
integrite ne peut etre assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous reserve de tout accord par ecrit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformement a la Loi Informatique et 
Libertes, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiee par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 ao0t 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d9nterroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatises dont it dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Francais I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financiers Edmond de Rothschild Banque - taus droits reserves 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663327
--- PAGE 3 ---
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
necessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et etablis a ('attention exclusive 
des destinataires pre vus par l'expediteur. Si vous n'Otes pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le de truire immediatement et d'en avertir l'expediteur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisee de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son into grite ne peut etre 
assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous reserve de tout accord par emit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformement A la Loi Informatique et 
Libertes, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiee par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 ao0t 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatises dont it dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concemant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Francais I English I Italian() I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financier° Edmond de Rothschild Banque - taus decals reserves 
******* 
**************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si necessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et dtablis a ('attention exclusive des destinataires 
pre vus par l'expediteur. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire de ce message, nous vous remercions de le de truire 
immediatement et d'en avertir rexpediteur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisde de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message dlectronique est susceptible d'altdration et son integrite ne peut dtre 
assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou omissions contenues 
dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, 
EFTA00663328
--- PAGE 4 ---
sous réserve de tout accord par écrit entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi 
Informatique et Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute personne 
a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les traitements automatisés dont il 
dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espafiol Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
EFTA00663329

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663330.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 24 Sep 2013 10:48:32 +0000 
Jeffrey, 
I am sorry for my last stupid question..it just sometimes we giving up..working hard,giving all the best we 
can...but no feed back neither financial nor moral..impulsively, on broken emotions i wrote that stupid 
question,trying to find an answershich is not possible! Sony! 
How is 
Her mother phoned me week ago! 
EFTA00663330

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663331.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 12 Oct 2013 20:13:31 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Sent from my iPhoneL
EFTA00663331

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663332.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663332.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 12 Oct 2013 20:13:59 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Sent from my iPhoneL
EFTA00663332

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663333.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663333.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ehud barak
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 12 Oct 2013 19:00:33 +0000 
A little bit. Age slows down recuperation. 
Mother day. Best 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 12, 2013, at 21:38, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
feeling better? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663333

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663334.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 12 Oct 2013 19:45:44 +0000 
En route to take 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 12, 2013, at 3:35 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
sned me photos of the entry hall from all angles. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663334

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663335.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663335.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 13 Oct 2013 08:53:30 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG 
Sent from my iPhoneIJ 
EFTA00663335

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663336.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663336.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 2013 01:08:30 +0000 
Pls call me 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Jeffreylpstein 
Sent: 9/21/2013 7:13 PM 
To: Sods Nikolic 
Subject: Re: 
now melinda is also going to tede s dinner.. 
On Sat, Sep 21, 2013 at 7:00 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
> wrote: 
At dinner w bill for another 2h. As soon as done 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 9/21/2013 6:46 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
call when you have a chance? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00663336
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663337

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663338.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663338.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: IM 
To: Jeffrey Epstein sleevacation@gmail.coin> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 13 Oct 2013 14:44:44 +0000 
Attachments: beige.jpg; b2.jpg 
I tried to made color of Karyna's bag..like (beige/peach/skin ) 
Which else colors should i try ? 
On Sunday, October 13, 2013 5:30 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I asked that you do some photo shops with different carpets. . this was not well done. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663338

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663339.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 2013 13:21:32 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Jeffrey, 
you are correct, I discussed with Rich Kahn, I will confirm with FAA tomorrow so there are no surprises. 
I told Rich I'd confirm parking prices to confirm if Millville or Islip is best. 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 2013 09:10:56 -0400 
To: Ivjet-4 
Subject: 
I assume we can leave the plane in islip or wherever , as long as we can get ferry permission. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663339

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663340.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joshua Cooper Ramo
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 10:55:18 +0000 
In Paris as well, but on the way to Hong Kong this afternoon. Then Beijing for a week on Monday. 
Will think about the China assistant. Raises some issues to discuss. 
On Oct 9, 2013 10:07 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Im in paris. you? I m searching for a chinese asst. multilingual presentable. seriously. any ideas? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663340

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663341.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Michael Wolff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 2013 13:21:50 +0000 
Great. Will be there at 11:30. But will have to leave at 1:00. 
On Sun, Sep 22, 2013 at 9:09 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
do you want to come by this morning for breakfast with ehud barak at 1130. or thorbom jagland, head of the 
nobel peace prize commitee this afternoon ? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663341

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663342.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ehud bank
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 10 Oct 2013 22:32:39 +0000 
I'm cold,sick a little bit. Tomorrow. EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 10, 2013, at 19:55, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I know today is a busy one for you 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663342

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663343.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: How To Academy 
To:j <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: How To Academy : Sleep, Online Art, Opera, Start a Business, Chekhov, Writing Better English, 
Investing, Ballet Masterclass. 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 18:02:10 +0000 
_ 
_Li. October Programme, featuring: 
How to: Make Money from Investing in a Buy 
to Let 
A workshop led by five property 
experts: how and where to find the right 
property, finance its purchase, decorate 
for maximum rental value - and all you 
need to know about the letting process. 
On the state of the property market 
and whether and if so where to buy 
Lindsay Cuthill 
How to find the right property. 
Simon Connell 
EFTA00663343
--- PAGE 2 ---
Over the last years investing in 
property in London has proved an 
excellent investment. But is it too late? 
Where in London should you buy? And 
what are the key criteria in choosing a 
property - proximity to the tube, to 
schools, to the Lycee? 
For information. and to book a place. visit 
How to finance a Buy To Let. 
Mike Boles 
Top tips on letting your property. 
Lucy Morton 
How to decorate to maximise rental 
values. 
Carol Bennett 
EFTA00663344
--- PAGE 3 ---
BOOKING OPEN AND LAST PLACES REMAINING 
17.10.2013 
Evening Event, 6.45-8.30pm 
how to: Understand Turkey 
with Philip Mansel, Andrew Finkel, Elif Shafak, Norman 
Stone 
With the recent Turkish riots, the need to understand this most 
complex of countries has never been more pressing. In a unique 
event, four experts - historians Norman Stone and Philip Mansell, 
Turkish-based journalist Andrew Finkel, and novelist Elif Shafak -
will explore the history of the country, the legacy of Ataturk, and 
the political situation today. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA00663345
--- PAGE 4 ---
2, 
19.10.2013 - 20.10.2013 
Weekend Course,l0am-4pm 
how to: Write a Thriller 
with Charles Cumming 
Do you dream of being the next Frederick Forsyth or Gillian 
Flynn? During this weekend course, best-selling spy novelist 
Charles Cumming will lead you into the undergrowth of thriller 
writing, and help turn your ideas into tight, tense, page-turning 
narratives. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA00663346
--- PAGE 5 ---
22.10.2013 - 23.10.2013 
Workshop, day 1: 10am - 5pm, day 2: 9am - 4pm 
how to: Teenager Life Skills Jamboree 
with Edie Lush, Anastasia Baker, Charity Charity, James 
Barton, James Uffindell, Robin Kennedy, Rachel 
Spedding, Steve Schwartz 
A unique two-day half-term all-out event for teenagers. Individual 
sessions will include: how to interview well, how to write a great 
CV, how to gain work experience, how to break into the workplace, 
and how to get into Oxbridge or an American University. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA00663347
--- PAGE 6 ---
24.10.2013 
Workshop. 9.11am 
how to: Invest Your Money (and minimize the risk of 
disaster) 
with Jonathan Davis 
A breakfast-briefing, taught by one of our leading 
independent investment experts, on how to invest 
your money sensibly: what your options are and 
where the pitfalls lie. 
Warren Buffett, the greatest investor of the modern 
age, used four words to describe the art of investing 
money: "simple, but not easy". Most people either 
don't know where to start, or start by asking the 
wrong questions... 
Read more and book. 
EFTA00663348
--- PAGE 7 ---
31.10.2013 
Workshop, 6.45-8.30pm 
how to: Open A Restaurant, or How Not To 
with Nicholas Lander, Alistair Little, Cynthia 
Shanmugalingam, Itamar Srulovich 
How many of us crave to open a restaurant or 
gastro-pub? Even if its just a passing fancy, we're 
nevertheless curious about the whole business. In 
this early-evening workshop, food-writer and former 
restaurateur Nicholas Lander - together with 
acclaimed chef Alastair Little (who's opened fourteen 
restaurants), 'tamer Srulovich (of Honey & Co), plus 
a drizzle of some of the newer, younger 
restaurateurs - will all reveal their trade secrets. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA00663349
--- PAGE 8 ---
04.11.2013 
Weekday Event, 8:30am -1 pm 
how to: Start a Business. In association with 
Financial Jam Sessions 
with David Hieatt from Hiut Denim, John Gordon, Avid 
Larizadeh, Andrew Wigfall, Doug Richard, Ed White, 
Gee Thomson, Laura Lambert 
This innovative and streamlined event is designed to serve as an 
indispensable guide for the entrepreneur. Our aim is to inspire 
you to conceive of your own business idea, and teach you 
everything you need to know to make it happen. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA00663350
--- PAGE 9 ---
Gr 
Gr 
05.11.2013 
Evening Event, 7-8:30pm 
how to: Sleep 
with Professor Adrian Williams 
Are you one of the third of the population losing sleep over 
insomnia? Do you have a problem getting to sleep, staying asleep 
or sleeping deeply? Sleep is as necessary as the air we breathe, the 
water we drink, the food we eat Birds do it. Bees do it. Even 
flowers do it. But that doesn't mean that getting your Si hours per 
night is easy. Sleep deprivation is not only a nuisance, it is a 
disorder which can lead to weight problems, memory impairment, 
reduced concentration, health issues, and depression. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA00663351
--- PAGE 10 ---
07.11.2013 
Evening Event, 6:45pm - 8:45pm 
how to: Understand the Online Art Market 
with Chris Grant Peterkin 
The internet has revolutionised the market for artists 
themselves and the buyers of paintings, drawings, 
sculpture, and photography. In How To Understand 
the Online Art Market, Chris Grant Peterkin will help 
make sense of the online galleries, gallery listing 
sites, sales platforms and artist websites. Following 
a one hour lecture the audience will divide into three 
groups, each of whom will receive a fifteen minute 
individual session in which Chris will give detailed 
advice and share the latest industry knowledge with 
those wanting to buy and those wanting to sell. 
Those waiting their turn will be replenished with 
wine.. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA00663352
--- PAGE 11 ---
07.11.2013 
Evening Event, 7.30pm - 9pm 
how to: Ballet Masterclass at The Royal Opera 
House 
with Dame Monica Mason 
Whether you're a long time balletomane or new to 
the art, the next performance you see will be hugely 
enhanced by this informative and entertaining 
evening with Dame Monica Mason, former Director 
of The Royal Ballet Company. A step-by-step guide 
to the language of ballet will be illustrated by dancers 
from the Company. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA00663353
--- PAGE 12 ---
C. 
C. 
09.11.2013 - 10.11.2013 
Weekend Event, 10am-5pm 
how to: Deepen Your Love of Opera 
with Rupert Christiansen 
A weekend course for those who like to understand more full• this 
most challenging and yet viscerally enthralling of the performing 
arts - led by eminent critic Rupert Christiansen. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA00663354
--- PAGE 13 ---
12.11.2013 
Workshop. 6:45 - 8:45pm 
how to: Write Better English 
with Sam Leith 
Tips from the professionals, with Sam Leith 
We all know how to write. We may know how to write 
well. But is our writing the best that it can be? How 
many of us can produce strong and clear sentences, 
getting our point across in as few words as possible -
and all of them the right words? Whether we are 
writing an essay, a report, a memo, or simply a 
straightforward letter, making our prose seem 
effortless can be the hardest part of the day. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA00663355
--- PAGE 14 ---
13.11.2013 
Evening Event, 7pm - 8:30pm 
how to: Understand Your Dog 
with Bruce Fogle 
Why does my dog treat me as staff? 
How much of what I say does my dog really 
understand? 
Every dog-lover must wonder what their hound is 
thinking. Why do they bark at trees? Why do they 
bite men in uniform? What are they up to when they 
roam about in gangs? In this event, author Dr Bruce 
Fogle explains all you need to know about your best 
friend. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA00663356
--- PAGE 15 ---
If there's a Course you'd like to take which isn't currently included in 
our programme, email us with the details of what you'd like us to 
organise and if there's sufficient demand, we will contact our extensive 
network of distinguished teachers, lecturers and writers to arrange a 
course tailored to your needs. 
EFTA00663357
--- PAGE 16 ---
2. 
Follow on Facebook 
Follow on Twitter 
EFTA00663358
--- PAGE 17 ---
Copyright O 2013 How To Academy. AU rights reserved. 
You are receiving this email because you opted in our website http://howtoacademy.com and indicated you wished 
to receive news about courses and offers. 
Our mailing address is: 
How To Academy 
Aldridge Road Villas 
London. England W11 1BL 
United Kingdom 
Add us to your address book 
how to: unsubsaibe 
update subscription preferences 
EFTA00663359

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663360.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tancredi Marchiolo 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 18:57:47 +0000 
Agree. Behaving like criminals both sides. Hope to see u if you in Paris nxt week sometime 
Sent from my Xperiand tablet 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
right before 
On Wed, Oct 9, 2013 at 11:22 AM, Tancredi Marchiolo < 
> wrote: 
You think its going to end before 17th? 
Sent from my XperiaTm tablet 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
not sure, how is the fund going. probabaly going to swededn for weekend. 
On Wed, Oct 9, 2013 at 10:03 AM, Tancredi Marchiolo < 
Ciao how long u staying in Paris? 
Sent from my XperiaTM tablet 
Tancredi Marchiolo < 
wrote: 
wrote: 
>Cant make it nxt weekend ill come this one and leave Monday morning so hopefully we can cross. 
EFTA00663360
--- PAGE 2 ---
>Sent from my XperiaTM tablet 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNS@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663361

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663362.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ada Clapp
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Eileen Alexanderson
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 18:58:19 +0000 
I will be. Doing GRAT/Family Trust and Delegation of personal representatives first. 
Ada Clapp 
Black Family Partners 
cio Apollo Management 
W 57th Street 
New York NY 10019 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: 
Pursuant to IRS regulations, I inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including attachments) is not 
intended or written to be used, and cannot be used by any person or entity for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax related penalties 
imposed by any governmental tax authority, or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or 
matter discussed herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
This communication, and any attachment, is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain information that is privileged, 
confidential and/or proprietary If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that further dissemination of this 
communication and its attachments is prohibited. Please delete all copies of this communication and its attachments and 
notify me immediately that you have received them in error. 
On Oct 9, 2013, at 12:45 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
is someon working on the summary of what the document means. agreement amongst principals. , now with 
the addendums 
****************************************** 
***************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663362

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663363.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "COLOM, Olivier"
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 10:42:07 +0000 
Horrible. But I survived. 
With Ariane now: she was stolen her mobile phone, papers and cards last night...She says hi to you 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [rnaittoleevacation@gmall.com] 
Envoye : Wednesday, October 09, 2013 11:11 AM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
BORING 
2013/10/9 COLOM, Olivier
I'm bored in a stupid hotel in London. No girls around, not even a typically ugly English woman. Getting up tomorrow at 
4.30am to get a plane to Geneva. Not great 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [rnaitto:jeevacationegmall.com]
Envoye : Tuesday, October 08, 2013 11:02 AM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
I at least monday, should i wait for you to meet with ariane. ? anyone else over the weekend you think 
intersting , fun or beautiful./ 
2013/10/8 COLOM, Olivier
Great. Happy you have fun. 
In London now. Going to Geneva tomorrow and again Thursday. How long do you stay? 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:je
on swan 
EnvoyA : Tuesday, October 08, 2013 11:49 AM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : 
Im in paris,  great fun, shall see fabrice today. will you stay after you get back 
EFTA00663363
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
necessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et etablis a ('attention 
exclusive des destinataires prevus par l'expediteur. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire de 
ce message, nous vous remercions de le detruire immediatement et d'en avertir 
l'expediteur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisee de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son 
integrite ne peut etre assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous reserve de tout accord par emit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformement a la Loi Informatique et 
Libertes, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiee par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 ao0t 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d9nterroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatises dont it dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Francais I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
©2004 - La Compagnie Financier° Edmond de Rothschild Banque - taus droils reserves 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00663364
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
necessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et etablis a l'attention exclusive 
des destinataires prevus par l'expediteur. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le detruire immediatement et d'en avertir l'expediteur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisee de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son integrite ne peut etre 
assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous reserve de tout accord par emit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformement a la Loi Informatique et 
Libertes, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiee par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 ao0t 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatises dont it dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concemant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Francais I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financiers Edmond de Rothschild Banque - loos decals reserves 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si necessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et etablis a l'attention exclusive des destinataires 
prevus par l'expediteur. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire de ce message, nous vous remercions de le detruire 
immediatement et d'en avertir l'expediteur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisee de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son integrite ne peut etre 
assuree. 
EFTA00663365
--- PAGE 4 ---
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou omissions contenues 
dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, 
sous réserve de tout accord par écrit entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi 
Informatique et Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute personne 
a le droit dinterroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les traitements automatisés dont il 
dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italian I Deutsch I Espafiol I Chinese 
©2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réserves 
EFTA00663366

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663367.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Branson <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
CC: Helen Clarke 
Subject: RE: tennis 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 11:01:24 +0000 
Dear Jeffrey, 
That's really kind of you. It should be a fun few days. The dates are 12th-16th Nov. Are you around? 
Best, 
Richard 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.corn] 
Sent: 30 September 2013 15:10 
To: Richard Branson 
Subject: tennis 
I always feel it a privledge to be able to contribute to the charitable efforts of my friends. If there is a us 501 c 
3. I will gladly do so. - As you recall I have little interest in sports , but will gladly , if appropriate bring some 
friends that I promise will not be too difficult to look at. just for a few hours , that you could designate . ( im 
not sure i'll be in carib at all , but in just in case. otherwise ill just contribute. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Help to save paper - do you need to print this email? 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and 
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they 
are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify 
the system manager. 
Please be aware that the contents of any e-mails sent to Virgin 
Management Ltd may be periodically monitored and reviewed in 
accordance with lawful business practice. 
This footnote also confirms that this email message has been 
swept for the presence of computer viruses. 
Virgin Management Ltd. 
Registered in England & Wales No 1568894 
EFTA00663367
--- PAGE 2 ---
Registered Office: 179 Harrow Road, The Battleship Building, London W2 (NB 
EFTA00663368

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663369.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Lang, Caroline" 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 11:05:50 +0000 
He is ok yes but is traveling . He is right now in Marroco I believe he will be back on Friday or Saturday . How 
long are you staying in Paris? 
Le 9 oct. 2013 a 13:00, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
have left some messages for your father. everything ok? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663369

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663370.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joshua Cooper Ramo
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 11:08:21 +0000 
Ach, at the airport. Thank you for the invitation. 
Will ping you when I am back in NY. 
J 
On Oct 9, 2013 12:59 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
if you are free to meet sultan from dubai, we are at my house at 22 ave foch. you are welcome 
On Wed, Oct 9, 2013 at 12:55 PM, Joshua Cooper Ramo < 
> wrote: 
In Paris as well, but on the way to Hong Kong this afternoon. Then Beijing for a week on Monday. 
Will think about the China assistant. Raises some issues to discuss. 
On Oct 9, 2013 10:07 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Im in paris. you? I m searching for a chinese asst. multilingual presentable. seriously. any ideas? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00663370
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663371

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663372.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Mr. Fraguela progress 
Date: Tue, 24 Sep 2013 14:04:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg; image(4).jpeg 
Images to view before we call this afternoon. 
Ann R.2 
EFTA00663372

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663373.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 11:15:21 +0000 
Ok in my way 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 9, 2013, at 12:38 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
apt 2 DD. , 22 ave foch 
On Wed, Oct 9, 2013 at 11:55 AM, Sultan Bin Sulayem < 
wrote: 
I tried calling do you want to have lunch 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 9, 2013, at 10:01 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
call my cell when free 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
call myc 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00663373
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663374

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663375.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <1 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 11:21:00 +0000 
Marc LEON 
Managing Director 
KENSINGTON 
Finest Properties Marrakech Sarlau 
License partner of KENSINGTON 
Finest Properties International 
Exclusive affiliate of 
CHRISTIE'S International Real Estate 
Private Office Marrakech 
Tel.: 
Fax: 
Cell: 
Cell: 
Morocco) 
EFTA00663375

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663376.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Klein, Joel" 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 11:31:39 +0000 
Thanks, got it. 
Sent from my iPad 
On Oct 9, 2013, at 6:52 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
I know you are trying to help our friend. anything I can do , count me in 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message and its attachments may contain legally privileged or confidential information. It is intended solely 
for the named addressee. If you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery of the 
message to the addressee), you may not copy or deliver this message or its attachments to anyone. Rather, you 
should permanently delete this message and its attachments and kindly notify the sender by reply e-mail. Any 
content of this message and its attachments that does not relate to the official business of News America 
Incorporated or its subsidiaries must be taken not to have been sent or endorsed by any of them. No 
representation is made that this email or its attachments are without defect. 
EFTA00663376

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663377.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Desmond Shum(,ttS)
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 11:31:22 +0000 
> 
Please send me a JD and I'll forward to some people 
Desmond it
20B2giom 9 El , 18:37 , "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation®gmail.com> 
iM : 
yes or paris 
On Wed, Oct 9, 2013 at 11:31 AM, Desmond Shum(a'n) 
Beijing. 
You want someone in NY? 
Desmond 
20132P10R 9 El , 16:06 , "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 5i1 : 
I am in paris. you?. I am searching for a chinese asst. well educated . presentable. ideas? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> wrote: 
EFTA00663377
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663378

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663379.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Paul Morris •<
I> 
To: jeevacation(ii2gmail.com 
Subject: checking in 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 21:23:25 +0000 
Classification: Public 
hope you're well. i understand you're in town, anything on your end we need to touch base on? 
thanks 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA00663379

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663380.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Desmond Shum(,ttS)
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 11:34:59 +0000 
Beijing. 
Thinking to go to Europe for white truffle next month 
Desmond Ma 
20B2gI0R 9 El , 19:34 , "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
i 
: 
thanks, where are you? 
On Wed, Oct 9, 2013 at 1:31 PM, Desmond Shuman) < 
wrote: 
Please send me a JD and I'll forward to some people 
Desmond Met 
2013$101911 , 18:37 , "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation(dinnail.corn> aqia : 
yes or paris 
On Wed, Oct 9, 2013 at 11:31 AM, Desmond Shumatli) < 
wrote: 
Beijing. 
You want someone in NY? 
Desmond 
a 2013/410A9n , 16:06 , "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> Wig : 
I am in paris. you?. I am searching for a chinese asst. well educated . presentable. ideas? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00663380
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663381

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663382.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "COLOM, Olivier"
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 08 Oct 2013 10:01:59 +0000 
Good 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmall.com] 
Envoye : Tuesday, October 08, 2013 10:59 AM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
2013/10/8 COLOM, Olivier <1 
> 
Great. Happy you have fun. 
In London now. Going to Geneva tomorrow and again Thursday. How long do you stay? 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Envoye : Tuesday, October 08, 2013 11:49 AM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : 
I ni in paris„ great fun, shall see fabrice today. will you stay after you get back 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
necessaire. 
EFTA00663382
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et etablis a ('attention exclusive 
des destinataires pre vus par l'expediteur. Si vous rates pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le de truire immediatement et d'en avertir l'expediteur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisee de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son into grite ne peut etre 
assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous reserve de tout accord par &tit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformement A la Loi Informatique et 
Libertes, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiee par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 ao0t 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatises dont il dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concemant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Francais I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
©2004 - La Compagnie Financier° Edmond de Rothschild Banque - loos droits reserves 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si necessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et dtablis a ('attention exclusive des destinataires 
prevus par l'expediteur. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire de ce message, nous vous remercions de le detruire 
immediatement et d'en avertir l'expediteur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisde de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son integrite ne peut etre 
assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou omissions contenues 
dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, 
sous reserve de tout accord par eat entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformement a la Loi 
Informatique et Libertes, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiee par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 ao0t 2004, toute personne 
a le droit dinterroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les traitements automatises dont il 
dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la concemant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Francais I English I Italian I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financiers Edmond de Rothschild Banque - loos drods reserves 
EFTA00663383

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663384.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "COLOM, Olivier"
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 08 Oct 2013 10:11:35 +0000 
Will talk to Ariane tomorrow. And will think of people to see. 
Happy to see you soon 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [malito:jeevacalion@grnall.com] 
Envoye : Tuesday, October 08, 2013 11:02 AM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
at least monday, should i wait for you to meet with ariane. 
intersting , fun or beautiful./ 
2013/10/8 COLOM, Olivier 
Great. Happy you have fun. 
anyone else over the weekend you think 
In London now. Going to Geneva tomorrow and again Thursday. How long do you stay? 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [maitto:jeevacation@gmail.com
!nvoye : Tuesday, October 08, 2013 11:49 AM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : 
Im in pans, 
great fun, shall see fabrice today. will you stay after you get back 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663384
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
necessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et etablis a ('attention exclusive 
des destinataires prevus par l'expediteur. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le detruire immediatement et d'en avertir l'expediteur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisee de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son integrite ne peut etre 
assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous reserve de tout accord par &tit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformement a la Loi Informatique et 
Libertes, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiee par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 ao0t 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatises dont it dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concemant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Francais I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financiers Edmond de Rothschild Banque - loos droits reserves 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si necessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et etablis a ('attention exclusive des destinataires 
prevus par l'expediteur. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire de ce message, nous vous remercions de le detruire 
immediatement et d'en avertir l'expediteur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisee de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son integrite ne peut etre 
assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou omissions contenues 
dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, 
sous reserve de tout accord par eat entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformement a la Loi 
Informatique et Libertes, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiee par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 ao0t 2004, toute personne 
EFTA00663385
--- PAGE 3 ---
a le droit dinterroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les traitements automatisés dont il 
dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Renan') I Deutsch I Espariol I Chinese 
©2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
EFTA00663386

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663387.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ada Clapp <I 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation(0gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Agreement Among Principals 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 15:58:03 +0000 
FYI. Hope you are enjoying Paris! 
Ada Clapp 
Black Family Partners 
do Apollo Management 
W 57th Street 
New York NY 10019 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: 
Pursuant to IRS regulations, I inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including attachments) is not 
intended or written to be used, and cannot be used by any person or entity for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax related penalties 
imposed by any governmental tax authority, or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or 
matter discussed herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
This communication, and any attachment, is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain information that is privileged, 
confidential and/or proprietary If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that further dissemination of this 
communication and its attachments is prohibited. Please delete all copies of this communication and its attachments and 
notify me immediately that you have received them in error. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Jessica L. Lomm" 
Subject: RE: Agreement Among Principals 
Date: October 7, 2013 11:01:34 AM EDT 
To: 'Ada Clapp' < 
Cc: Eileen Alexanderson < 
Ada, 
I will need to reach out to our HR/comp team to pull the list of folks that qualify as senior professionals. They'll need to do 
some work around this, so it may take a few days to get back to you with that information. 
The independent directors of AGM currently are: 
Pauline Richards 
A.B. Krongard 
Paul Fribourg 
Michael Ducey 
Best, 
Jessica 
Jessica L. Lomm I Apollo Management 
0019 
From: Ada Clapp [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, October 04, 2013 6:21 PM 
To: Jessica L. Lomm 
Cc: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Agreement Among Principals 
EFTA00663387
--- PAGE 2 ---
Dear Jessica, 
We have been reviewing the Agreement Among Principals dated July 13, 2007 and are hoping you can help us 
flesh out some of its provisions. 
Would you kindly provide a list of the individuals who currently qualify as a "Senior Professional" as defined in 
Section 1.1 of the Agreement. Please check my interpretation, but I read the definition to refer to (i) any AGM 
executive officer (as defined in the Securities Act) or (ii) an investment professional that provides services, on a 
substantially full-time basis, to AGM or one of its Subsidiaries and whose "total income" is among the top 25 
highest (excluding Leon, Josh and Marc) for the prior fiscal year. 
Can you please also tell us who the independent directors of AGM are. They are defined as the "Independent 
Board" in Section 5.3 of the Agreement. 
Thanks for your assistance. 
Best regards, 
Ada Clapp 
Black Family Partners 
do Apollo Management 
W 57th Street 
New York NY 10019 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: 
Pursuant to IRS regulations, I inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including attachments) is not 
intended or written to be used, and cannot be used by any person or entity for the purpose of (I) avoiding tax related 
penalties imposed by any governmental tax authority, or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any 
transaction or matter discussed herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax 
circumstances. 
This communication, and any attachment, is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain information that is 
privileged, confidential and/or proprietary If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that further 
dissemination of this communication and its attachments is prohibited. Please delete all copies of this communication and 
its attachments and notify me immediately that you have received them in error. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA00663388
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00663389

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663390.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 16:12:34 +0000 
Something went wrong in the night and I hurt my back quite badly. It is sore to lie down and even to breath and 
laughing is very sore. It is sort of mid to upper back just off from my spine. I can feel my heart beating where it 
hurts. At first I was worried that my heart had slipped out of place... 
I am waiting for E 
to wake so she can take a look 
EFTA00663390

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663391.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 'MaMa' 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 11:27:30 +0000 
I know, i know... 
On Sunday, October 6, 2013, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
don't get busted 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663391

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663392.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Frederic Chaslin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 11:32:03 +0000 
I am Geneva conducting concerts and return Friday afternoon. 
How long do you stay? 
F 
Dictated on my iPhone with Sin 
Le 6 oct. 2013 A 13:19, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
will be in paris this week? you? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663392

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663393.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 11:34:07 +0000 
All going great at work, I love it! I get to be involved in everything that happens in the company. I'm assisting 
the CEO and I really enjoy working for him! I got a salary increase to £34k a year.... But all I do is work, so 
personal life not much. I still have the Spanish boyfriend who lives in Romania but I don't want to move back, I 
really like it here. I want to have at least 3 years experience before moving to another country! He doesn't want 
to come here so I don't know where this goes... Any advices? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 6 Oct 2013, at 12:19, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
news? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663393

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663394.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 14:07:29 +0000 
I cannot send you the one who put oil on her hand before giving me a massage with my t shirt on 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Wednesday, October 9, 2013 10:02 AM 
To: Jeanluc Brunel 
Subject: Re: 
i need a new asst 
serioulsy, asian.? african. somthing new 
On Wed, Oct 9, 2013 at 4:06 AM, Jean Luc Brunel <
 wrote: 
First specimen of Puerto Rico 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663394

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663395.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Frederic Chaslin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 11:35:51 +0000 
Great! Why don't you come do a trip on the boat? I have refurbished the engine and passed my licence! Around 
noon for brunch? 
Dictated on my iPhone with Siri 
Le 6 oct. 2013 a 13:34, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> a &fit : 
probably through the weekend 
On Sun, Oct 6, 2013 at 7:32 AM, Frederic Chaslin < 
I am Geneva conducting concerts and return Friday afternoon. 
How long do you stay? 
F 
Dictated on my iPhone with Siri 
> wrote: 
Le 6 oct. 2013 a 13:19, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> a &fit : 
will be in paris this week? you? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00663395
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663396

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663397.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 16:55:34 +0000 
He asked who I work for , your name . I said it is a private information and I am not allowed to spread this 
information . I was confused to answer and fid t want to lie to get into a worse trouble because if he wants he can 
check . He was not satisfied w the answer and I am afraid he will ask again when I come back from school . 
Also he asked how much I make per month by working for you and how am I going to study at school and work 
at the same time 
EFTA00663397

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663398.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daniel Siad 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 04 Oct 2013 20:32:20 +0000 
we speak when you are in Paris 
On Fri, Oct 4, 2013 at 4:13 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
skype? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
NOTICE: This e-mail is covered by the Electronic Communications Act, 18 U.S.C. SS 2510-2521 and is legally 
privileged. This E-Mail (including any attachments) may contain privileged or confidential information. It is 
intended only for the addressee(s) indicated above. The sender does not waive any of its rights, privileges or 
other protections respecting this information. Any distribution, copying or other use of this E-Mail or the 
information it contains, by other than an intended recipient, is not sanctioned and is prohibited. If you received 
this E-Mail in error, please delete it and advise the sender (by return E-Mail or otherwise) immediately 
EFTA00663398

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663399.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 16:57:36 +0000 
Sony I do not have a phone reception in school . Yes I will call u in hour after school . 
On Monday, October 7, 2013, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
call my cell i tried to call you and got voice mail 
On Mon, Oct 7, 2013 at 6:04 PM, 
On a Break time 
On Monday, October 7, 2013, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
No head rub 
On Monday, October 7, 2013, 
wrote: 
I How was your flight ? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
> wrote: 
EFTA00663399
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663400

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663401.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Andre D." 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jecvaeatioMii:zmail.com> 
Subject: .. a serious track VERY CONFIDENTIAL ! 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 11:36:54 +0000 
Importance: High 
Bonjour ! Just to let you know I am on a very serious track for your "governess" "Intendante" "House manager" 
etc Have to stay secretive because she has totally similar job already . 
Also to let you know I will be in the USA October 8 to 31 ( Dallas, New Orleans, Los Angeles, Boston and New 
York ) In NYC from October 27 to 31. Possibly in DC if private invite to White House. Cheers ANDRE 
DUNSTETTER 
EFTA00663401

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663402.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation®grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 2013 13:31:52 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Sure no problem. I'll see you on tuesday at 10am. 
Dunja 
Sent via BlacicBerty by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 2013 09:30:41 -0400 
To: <I 
Subject: 
come at 10 on tues?? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663402

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663403.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
cMINIa> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein tevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: call 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 17:08:47 +0000 
Could You call me please 
EFTA00663403

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663404.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 11:41:05 +0000 
Understood. 
On 6 Oct 2013, at 12:26, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I would make it a point to go see the new heads of qatar investement . they iknow nothing 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to j
@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663404

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663405.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663405.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mark LLOYD < 
To: jeevacationggmaiLcom 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 17:20:58 +0000 
Hi Jeffrey, 
How are you? I wonder whether you might be able to see the two guys who 
founded the Lucerne Fund that we are partnering with and which you provided 
such great advice about when we visited you in Santa Fe in August. 
I am planning to come to NY on Sunday 27th October for a couple of days and 
thought maybe Lars and I could bring them round on the Monday or Tuesday. 
On the other hand our presence may not be required in which case you may 
prefer to set a date more convenient? 
Let me know what suits, 
As ever, 
Mark 
EFTA00663405

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663406.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mark LLOYD < 
To: jeevacationggmaitcom 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 17:26:46 +0000 
Any chance you could spare a few mins to see them before you head off to 
Paris? 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation 
To: Mark LLOYD < 
Sent: Mon, 7 Oct 2013 18:22 
Subject: Re: 
i am in paris for the week 
mail.com> 
On Mon, Oct 7, 2013 at 7:20 PM, Mark LLOYD < 
Hi Jeffrey, 
t> wrote: 
How are you? I wonder whether you might be able to see the two guys who 
founded the Lucerne Fund that we are partnering with and which you 
provided such great advice about when we visited you in Santa Fe in August. 
I am planning to come to NY on Sunday 27th October for a couple of days 
and thought maybe Lars and I could bring them round on the Monday or 
Tuesday. 
On the other hand our presence may not be required in which case you may 
prefer to set a date more convenient? 
Let me know what suits, 
As ever, 
Mark 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00663406
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663407

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663408.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 02:06:55 +0000 
Attachments: 20131008 210504jpg 
First specimen of Puerto Rico 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA00663408

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663409.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663409.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: John look 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 02:08:19 +0000 
Attachments: 20131008_20555 1 jpg 
Your type 
EFTA00663409

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663410.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 02:08:33 +0000 
Attachments: 20131008 205646jpg 
Diner id not served yet 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA00663410

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663411.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Laurie Cameron alEll
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: update 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 02:48:32 +0000 
Attachments: Oct_8.xls 
Hi Jeffrey, 
It has already been a long week in a long month and I wanted to communicate about the 
position. It is down around $600k right now. About $173k is realized, the rest is 
unrealized. The bulk of the unrealized losses are in and AUD option, a NZD option and a 
GBP option, each approx $5-8 m notional. 
I don't want to do anything without your agreement, since we are living in an 
unprecedented insanity which could have dire consequences for U.S. credibility and 
creditworthiness, but even if there is no debt default now, eight days of a partial govt 
shutdown will have consequences on the economy in months to come. I think that 
commercial real estate and the bond market will be especially hard hit. 
Originally I had two major premises supporting my higher USD/lower AUD, NZD, CAD 
and JPY positions: 
1.) major commodity prices would fall in reaction to slowing global growth and oil 
importers would no longer need a strong currency to keep imported USD denominated oil 
prices down. 
2) the US treasury dept would work to keep the USD strong in order to attract capital a 
market with falling bond prices. 
It is possible that new economic stagnation could push oil prices down and the USD up. It 
is possible that the US Treasury might try to attract capital by trying to prop up the USD. I 
don't want to keep these positions at a time like this without your approval, however. I was 
planning to reduce positions further tomorrow, but this will inevitably lock in more losses. 
I was planning on still keeping some small AUD and NZD positions, but only if you feel 
comfortable keeping them at this time. 
I am so grateful for the opportunity you ve given me. I have been pricing the portfolio 
many times each day in hopes of finding a means of locking in more profit. I realize that I 
am opening and closing delta hedges just to try to make money because I hate being down 
as I am. I now think that this is too dangerous a strategy and I want to take down alot of 
the risk, which will involve locking in losses. No one hates to do it more than I do, but I 
don't want to put you at more risk in case the US does default. 
All thought appreciated. Thank you again. 
EFTA00663411

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663412.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <1 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 12 Sep 2017 10:40:43 +0000 
Ok 
I giomo Tue, Sep 12, 2017 alle 12:22 PM Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> ha scritto: 
find me two new assistants . for europe 
On Tue, Sep 12, 2017 at 12:13 PM, 
wrote: 
The situation seems dramatic. Hope Ana and all your staff is ok and that the US government will also 
contribute to help the people. I'm sure you are doing the best you can. I understand how stressful this 
situation might be for you. Let me know if I can do anything to help 
II giomo Tue, Sep 12, 2017 alle 11.44 AM Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> ha scritto: 
https://www.nyt imes.com/20 17/09/1 Uushirgin-islands-irma.html 
On Tue, Sep 12, 2017 at 9:14 AM, 
Do you have some time in the afternoon today? Let me know 
wrote: 
I giomo Mon, Sep 11, 2017 alle 10:00 PM 
ha scritto: 
I'm busy in the morning but could meet you in the afternoon if you are free 
II giomo Mon, Sep 11, 2017 alle 9:06 PM Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> ha scritto: 
I must return to the island. 
what is your schedule tomorw? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00663412
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
WE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663413

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663414.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 12 Sep 2017 10:13:08 +0000 
The situation seems dramatic. Hope Ana and all your staff is ok and that the US government will also contribute 
to help the people. I'm sure you are doing the best you can. I understand how stressful this situation might be for 
you. Let me know if I can do anything to help 
I giomo Tue, Sep 12, 2017 alle 11:44 AM Jeffrey E. < 
> ha scritto: 
hups://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/11/uskirgin-islands-irrna.html 
On Tue, Sep 12, 2017 at 9:14 AM, 
Do you have some time in the afternoon today? Let me know 
wrote: 
I giomo Mon, Sep 11, 2017 alle 10:00 PM 
ha scritto: 
I'm busy in the morning but could meet you in the afternoon if you are free 
II giomo Mon, Sep 11, 2017 alle 9:06 PM Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> ha scritto: 
I must return to the island. 
what is your schedule tomorw? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
EFTA00663414
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663415

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663416.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 18:13:06 +0000 
Call me 
On Monday, October 7, 2013, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
call my cell i tried to call you and got voice mail 
On Mon, Oct 7, 2013 at 6:04 PM, 
On a Break time 
On Monday, October 7, 2013, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
No head rub 
On Monday, October 7, 2013, 
wrote: 
I How was your flight ? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
> wrote: 
EFTA00663416
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663417

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663418.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mia> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 18:21:03 +0000 
Thinking of you! Hope you are well! 
Xo 
Lalasa. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663418

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663419.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 11:50:42 +0000 
Sony, but i dont think it's gonna happen 
On 6.10.2013, at 13:45, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
take a sexy photos and send? 
On Sun, Oct 6, 2013 at 7:22 AM, 
Not yet. I'm going out tommorow 14:45 local time from Bratislava. 
How r u? When is your flight to Paris? 
Check new decorations in my room :-) 
<imagejpeg> 
<imagejpeg> 
On Oct 6, 2013, at 12:39 PM, Jeffrey Epstein < 
are you in london 
> wrote: 
wrote: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00663419
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663420

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663421.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mlai 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 18:39:34 +0000 
where are you 
On Oct 6, 2013, at 9:48 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
you don;t really think that tina makes 100k as a salesgirl? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663421

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663422.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663422.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: MS 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 12:01:34 +0000 
I'm not taking any sexy photos. But i can send you regular ones though :) 
On 6.10.2013, at 13:45, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
take a sexy photos and send? 
On Sun, Oct 6, 2013 at 7:22 AM, 
Not yet. I'm going out tommorow 14:45 local time from Bratislava. 
How r u? When is your flight to Paris? 
> wrote: 
Check new decorations in my room :-) 
<image.jpeg> 
<image.jpeg> 
On Oct 6, 2013, at 12:39 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
are you in london 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00663422
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663423

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663424.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663424.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 12:02:07 +0000 
Depends when most girls go home that week but sure 
Where r u 
Sent from my iPad 
On Oct 6, 2013, at 7:23 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation®gmail.cotn> wrote: 
david blaine is doing a big tv show for thanksgiving , magic for celebrites.. Eva and he are going to do some 
screenings to benefit the breast cancer center. I will fund. anonymously. . eva thought to invite a whole host 
of models from differnt agencies. . thoughts? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663424

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663425.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Fw: GIIB Offer to Purchase 
Date: Wed, 02 Oct 2013 11:47:14 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Darren has approved me to sign LOI, do you approve me to sign? 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Damn Indyke 
Date: Wed 2 Oct 2013 07:39:37 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: GIIB Offer to Purchase 
I have reviewed and I am ok with you signing the offer on behalf of Hyperion Air, Inc. I am in flight right now. 
Landing in Atlanta then flying out at 9:56 to ST Thomas with an arrival at 1:30 or so. 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York. New York 10022 
email: 
*********** 
********* 
********** 
************* 
** ******* 
************** 
******* 
* ********* 
*********** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - © 2011 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC —All rights reserved. 
********************************************* 
******* 
************* 
************************** 
**** 
On Oct 2, 2013, at 7:01 AM, 
wrote: 
Jee approved sale of giib 
Sent via BlackBerty by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Wed, 2 Oct 2013 06:24:20 -0400 
To: Larry Visoski-S> 
EFTA00663425
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: Re: GLIB Offer to Purchase 
do it, 
On Tue, Oct I. 2013 at 9:15 PM, Larry Visoski <E
> wrote: 
Jeffrey pls find attached from Gary a contract to purchase GLIB for S300K 
please advise how to proceed? this is different purchaser than originally offered verbal price at $200k with 
hopes of a $250k price according to Gary. 
thx 
Larry 
Sent from my iPad 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Gary Anzalone
Date: October 1, 2013 at 7:33:40 PM AST 
To: " 
, Richard Laggan < 
Cannon 
Subject: CHB Offer to Purchase 
Larry, 
> 
>, Sherry 
GREAT NEWS! Attached is the offer to purchase the GIIB. This is NOT the same 
group as last night, but it is a HIGHER offer! 
I have reviewed the offer and it is as quick and clean as we could possibly hope for 
We just need to get the logs to Teterboro, with the Aircraft. 
If there is anyway to get this accepted tonight, we can get the inspections started 
within 5 business days! 
Sincerely 
Gary Anzalone - Managing Partner 
E uus Global Aviation, LLC 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00663426
--- PAGE 3 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663427

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663428.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Thursday 
Date: Tue, 01 Oct 2013 16:56:30 +0000 
ok on steaks, 
d I will liaise 
sweatpants - have ordered some Harvard ones for you to try. Unfortunately Karyna and I both searched on line, 
at the on line store and google to get the exact same and we could not find them. When I phoned the store they 
told me while they do have different stock from their online store they do not currently have the same ones as 
your ones and even worse they cant guarantee that they will get them again. they change up their stock quite a 
lot. They have sent a few other options similar in cut for you to try. In addition I ordered some online for you to 
1.Oc 
On Tue, Oct 1, 2013 at 12:18 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <1 
> wrote: 
same as awlways? did we order new sweats. ? 
On Tue, Oct 1, 2013 at 11:47 AM, 
> wrote: 
Thank you. Do you have a preference of restaurant to order from? 
On Tue, Oct 1, 2013 at 11:27 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
steak 
On Tue, Oct 1, 2013 at 11:25 AM, 
> wrote: 
Thk you, do you know what you would like to eat? I will ask you again tomorrow if you don't feel like 
answering now. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 1, 2013, at 10:41 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Forwarded messag 
From: Melanie Spinella  
Date: Tue, Oct 1, 2013 at 10:39 AM 
Subject: Thursday 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.corn> 
Cc: 
Jeffrey - Leon said he will have lunch with you at 1 at your house. Thanks, Melanie 
EFTA00663428
--- PAGE 2 ---
Melanie Spinella I Apollo Management 
9N/est 57th Street New York, New York 10019 
Lat 
(Fax) 
Executive Assistant to Leon D. Black 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
■********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663429
--- PAGE 3 ---
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663430

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663431.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663431.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin < 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 27 Sep 2013 15:05:17 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Would you have a free room, apartment or scrub of any sort starting any time October 5th or later? One of the 
homework helpers for the kids that has worked for us for over 5 years needs a place to stay for 3 weeks. I am 
trying to see where I can grab a roof for over his head. Even if it is just for a week during the next 3-4 weeks, it 
would be amazing. 
EFTA00663431

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663432.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663432.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "COLOM, Olivier"
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 28 Sep 2013 08:13:46 +0000 
So, Larry Summers ? 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmaitcom] 
Envoye : Thursday, September 26, 2013 11:46 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
Is that a diplomats response 
On Thursday, September 26, 2013, COLOM, Olivier wrote: 
Guess she will be back in Paris on 7 or 8 October 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacationegmall.com]
Envoye : Thursday, September 26, 2013 11:39 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
When does she return ?re Fabrice gnat 
On Thursday, September 26, 2013, COLOM, Olivier wrote: 
Saw her tonight in Paris. She read your email. She will not be in Paris when you come: she flies to Israel next Tuesday. 
I'm hiring Fabrice by the way 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Envoye : Thursday, September 26, 2013 10:25 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : 
have not heard back from ariane 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00663432
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationggmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
nécessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention 
exclusive des destinataires prévus par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de 
ce message, nous vous remercions de le détruire immédiatement et d'en avertir 
l'expéditeur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son 
intégrité ne peut être assurée. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous réserve de tout accord par écrit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi Informatique et 
Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatisés dont il dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
©2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
nécessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention exclusive 
des destinataires prévus par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le détruire immédiatement et d'en avertir l'expéditeur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son intégrité ne peut être 
assurée. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous réserve de tout accord par écrit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi Informatique et 
Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatisés dont il dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
EFTA00663433
--- PAGE 3 ---
Français I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
©2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables N'imprimez ce mail que si nécessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention exclusive des destinataires 
prévus par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de ce message, nous vous remercions de le détruire 
immédiatement et d'en avertir l'expéditeur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son intégrité ne peut être 
assurée. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou omissions contenues 
dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, 
sous réserve de tout accord par écrit entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi 
Informatique et Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute personne 
a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les traitements automatisés dont il 
dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italian I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
EFTA00663434

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663435.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Bella Klein 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Amex 
Date: Fri, 27 Sep 2013 15:20:38 +0000 
Jeffrey, 
Karyna, 
and Lesley listed as authorized for travel arrangements on your Amex account. 
If you would like Karyna to use your Amex for other than travel purchases I should order an additional Amex in 
her name. There is 3 types of cards offered: 
Amex Gold -$45 fee 
Amex Platinum - $175 fee 
Amex Centurion - $2500 fee 
Please advise. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
On Sep 26, 2013, at 10:24 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
please set up a security code so karyna can use my amex 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663435

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663436.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Gabriel Erem <a>, 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Intro: Gaby + Jeffrey 
Date: Thu, 26 Sep 2013 21:41:55 +0000 
Gaby, Jeffrey -
I've mentioned you to each other. Jeff, Alan Dershowitz is on Gaby's board. 
Leaving the rest to you. 
Xo 
Linda 
iPad + me = typos + abbrvtns 
EFTA00663436

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663437.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Paul Morris
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 27 Sep 2013 15:25:24 +0000 
Classification: Public 
CARLYLE INVESTS IN BEATS Beats Electronics, which has drawn in many fans of its colorful, expensive headphones, has 
now attracted the support of the Carlyle Group, a top private equity firm, DealBook's Michael J. de la Merced reports.
Beats, which was founded by the music impresarios Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine, said on Friday that it secured a minority 
investment from Carlyle to help finance growth. Carlyle is paying $500 million, according to a person briefed on the 
matter, valuing the music company at more than Si billion, Mr. de la Merced reports. The firm will also take two of six seats on 
Beats' board. In addition, the audio company will buy back the 25 percent stake in itself held by Hit, the 
Taiwanese smartphone company. 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
This communication may contain confidential 
and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient 
(or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the 
material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA00663437

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663438.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663438.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "COLOM, Olivier"
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 26 Sep 2013 21:41:08 +0000 
Guess she will be back in Paris on 7 or 8 October 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmall.com] 
Envoye : Thursday, September 26, 2013 11:39 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
When does she return ?re Fabrice gnat 
On Thursday, September 26, 2013, COLOM, Olivier wrote: 
Saw her tonight in Paris. She read your email. She will not be in Paris when you come: she flies to Israel next Tuesday. 
I'm hiring Fabrice by the way 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com 
Envoye : Thursday, September 26, 2013 10:25 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : 
have not heard back from ariane 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
necessaire. 
EFTA00663438
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et etablis a ('attention exclusive 
des destinataires pre vus par l'expediteur. Si vous rates pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le de truire immediatement et d'en avertir l'expediteur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisee de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son into grite ne peut etre 
assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous reserve de tout accord par &tit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformement A la Loi Informatique et 
Libertes, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiee par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 ao0t 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatises dont il dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concemant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Francais I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
©2004 - La Compagnie Financier° Edmond de Rothschild Banque - loos droits reserves 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si necessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et dtablis a ('attention exclusive des destinataires 
prevus par rexpediteur. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire de ce message, nous vous remercions de le detruire 
immediatement et d'en avertir rexpediteur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisde de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son integrite ne peut etre 
assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou omissions contenues 
dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, 
sous reserve de tout accord par dent entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformement a la Loi 
Informatique et Libertes, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiee par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 ao0t 2004, toute personne 
a le droit dinterroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les traitements automatises dont il 
dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la concemant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Francais I English I Italian I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financiers Edmond de Rothschild Banque - loos drods reserves 
EFTA00663439

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663440.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Bill Siegel S 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 26 Sep 2013 21:58:01 +0000 
What city are you in? 
EFTA00663440

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663441.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MIMIII
> 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Reid Hoffman 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 22:15:19 +0000 
Reid Hoffmann assistant is asking if you still wish to Skype on wed 25th at 4:15 est? Please advise 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663441

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663442.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663442.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Bill Siegel 
To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 26 Sep 2013 22:06:04 +0000 
I just landed in Santa Fe. Will miss you. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtmjeeyacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, September 26, 2013 05:05 PM 
To: Bill Siegel 
Subject: Re: 
Ny 
On Thursday, September 26, 2013, Bill Siegel wrote: 
I What city are you in? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663442

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663443.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "COLOM, Olivier"
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 26 Sep 2013 22:12:26 +0000 
No...really I get her agenda most often at last minute. Simply don't know if she is in Paris on 7 and 8 - just know that she is 
in Geneva on 9, attending a meeting where I will also go to 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [maitto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Envoye : Thursday, September 26, 2013 11:46 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
Is that a diplomats response 
On Thursday, September 26, 2013, COLOM, Olivier wrote: 
' Guess she will be back in Paris on 7 or 8 October 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Envoye : Thursday, September 26, 2013 11:39 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
When does she return ?re Fabrice gnat 
On Thursday, September 26, 2013, COLOM, Olivier wrote: 
Saw her tonight in Paris. She read your email. She will not be in Paris when you come: she flies to Israel next Tuesday. 
I'm hiring Fabrice by the way 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Envoye : Thursday, September 26, 2013 10:25 PM 
A : C0L0M, Olivier 
Objet : 
have not heard back from ariane 
************** 
****** 
********** 
****** 
****** 
***************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00663443
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
nécessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention 
exclusive des destinataires prévus par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de 
ce message, nous vous remercions de le détruire immédiatement et d'en avertir 
l'expéditeur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son 
intégrité ne peut être assurée. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous réserve de tout accord par écrit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi Informatique et 
Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatisés dont il dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
©2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
nécessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention exclusive 
des destinataires prévus par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le détruire immédiatement et d'en avertir l'expéditeur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son intégrité ne peut être 
assurée. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous réserve de tout accord par écrit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi Informatique et 
Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
EFTA00663444
--- PAGE 3 ---
traitements automatisés dont il dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italiano I Deutsch i Espatiol I Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
;`..; Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si nécessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention exclusive des destinataires 
prévus par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de ce message, nous vous remercions de le détruire 
immédiatement et d'en avertir l'expéditeur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son intégrité ne peut être 
assurée. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou omissions contenues 
dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, 
sous réserve de tout accord par écrit entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi 
Informatique et Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute personne 
a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les traitements automatisés dont il 
dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espafiol i Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
EFTA00663445

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663446.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Fwd: Special Report: FierceBiotech's 2013 Fierce 15 
Date: Tue, 24 Sep 2013 11:37:05 +0000 
Embedded: unnamed 
fyi Jonathan 
EFTA00663446

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663447.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: soon yi previn 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 22:15:46 +0000 
I don't understand this. I didn't get anything from you. What is a thread? 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone 
On Sep 23, 2013, at 6:13 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
On Mon, Sep 23, 2013 at 12:24 PM, soon yi previn a 
wrote: 
Woody said he will go to the ranch. 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone • 
On Sep 23, 2013, at 6:58 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
if you guys want , re xmas we can do paris or you are welcome on the island in caribean or at the ranch , 
near califomina 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00663447
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663448

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663449.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663449.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peggy Siegal <1 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com>, Andres Fernandez < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 12 Sep 2017 07:25:51 +0000 
Andres, please send all invites to Jeffrey. Thanks. Peg 
Sent from my iPad 
On Sep 11, 2017, at 2:47 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grrtn> wrote: 
anything next week of interest, I retrun from my devasttaed island on friday 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663449

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663450.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin < 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 21:31:41 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Elisa and I want to invite Melinda for a tour of the Dubin Breast Center. Can Elisa email her assistant...? 
EFTA00663450

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663451.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mortimer Zuckerman • 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Lesley Groff 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 21:41:55 +0000 
Importance: high 
> 
Hi, Jeffrey — Mort can meet at the office anytime between 11.45a and 12.30 tomorrow and at his home around 5.00/6.00. 
Thanks! 
Clare Probed 
Executive Assistant to Mortimer B Zuckerman 
Boston Properties Inc./Daily News/U.S. News & World Report 
599 Lexington Avenue, Suite 1800 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, September 23, 2013 2:58 PM 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: Re: Re: 
yes 
On Mon, Sep 23, 2013 at 2:03 PM, Mortimer Zuckerman ca. 
wrote: 
Great. Is Thursday a deadline because you leave NYC? 
Clare Probed 
Executive Assistant to Mortimer B Zuckerman 
Boston Properties Inc./Daily News/U.S. News & World Report 
599 Lexington Avenue, Suite 1800 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Monday, September 23, 2013 1:14 PM 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: Re: 
yes 
On Mon, Sep 23, 2013 at 12:20 PM, Mortimer Zuckerman 
wrote: 
Thanks Jeffrey—I'll tell MZ—and you will still attend tonight's 8.30p dinner, correct? 
Clare Probed 
EFTA00663451
--- PAGE 2 ---
Executive Assistant to Mortimer B Zuckerman 
Boston Properties Inc./Daily News/U.S. News & World Report 
599 Lexington Avenue, Suite 1800 
New York. NY 10022 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevac iongmail.com 
Sent: Monday, September 23, 2013 12:17 PM 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: 
I think we should spend 15 private minutes sometime before thurs night 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message is a private communication and is intended only for the named addressee. It may contain information which is confidential. proprietary andior 
privileged under applicable law. If you are not the designated recipient. you may not review. copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error. 
please notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete this message from your system. 
Thank you. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message is a private communicabon and is intended only for the named addressee. It may contain information which is confidential. proprietary andror 
privileged under applicable law. If you are not the designated recipient. you may not review. copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error. 
please notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete this message from your system. 
Thank you. 
EFTA00663452
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message is a private communication and is intended only for the named addressee. It may contain information which is confidential. proprietary andfor 
privileged under applicable law. If you are not the designated recipient. you may not review. copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error. 
please notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete this message from your system. 
Thank you. 
EFTA00663453

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663454.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ada Clapp 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Estate Overview 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 22:03:51 +0000 
Hi Jeffrey and Eileen, 
Attached is the revised Estate Planning Overview prepared by US Trust. As I mentioned, the prior Overview 
was inaccurate because their program was not updated and calculated the tax using the 35% rate in effect for 
2012. The attached Overview reflects the 45% tax rate currently in effect. 
Items to highlight (noted with the last version): 
• The Overview illustrates the 1997 Trust and the 2006 Trust already decanted into the Heritage Trust. 
• BFP interests are discounted 30% to reflect the reality of the Note substitution. This deflates the value of 
Leon's estate (good for estate tax but the children's inheritance appears smaller). As Leon monetizes AGM 
shares, the discounts will "disappear". Assuming no principal repayments, the note value will remain 
frozen at the discounted value. 
• The Overview assumes that Debra has transferred title to all residences to Leon. Leon's new Will 
and Revocable Trust are drafted as if Leon owns all residences individually. In fact, all but two parcels are 
owned jointly by Debra and Leon. Unless she transfer her title to Leon, the residences will pass to her 
outright on Leon's death rather than to the Marital Trust (and later the Heritage Trust) as Leon wants. 
Leon needs to be reminded of this. 
• The Overview assumes Leon selects $200 million of art from his estate and $100 million from the 
Heritage Trust to be held in each child's Legacy Trust. Leon's selection of what passes to the Legacy 
Trusts will dramatically influence the estate tax calculation. The greater the amount of includible art that 
passes to the Legacy Trusts on Debra's death, the greater the estate tax. 
• If Leon died today, the Overview assumes (i) art would be sold to pay the Bank of America Loans and 
cover estate tax and (ii) all of his BFP interest would be used to repay the Note to the Heritage Trust and 
the Note to BFP. Debra's Marital Trust would be funded with art, residences and the GST exemption 
amount ($1,750,000). No other investment assets. Of course, Debra could require the Trustees to sell art 
and reinvest the proceeds to produce income. As Leon pays down the Note to the Heritage Trust and 
monetizes AGM over time, there should be more liquid assets to pass to the Marital Trust. That is because 
he will either pay-off the "discounted" Note with non discounted assets such as cash from monetization, or 
with appreciated BFP interests, assuming appreciation. 
I will bring the Estate Overview to our meeting with Leon on Wednesday so we can walk him through it. 
EFTA00663454
--- PAGE 2 ---
Best regards, 
Ada Clapp 
Black Family Partners 
do Apollo Management 
W 57th Street 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: 
Pursuant to IRS regulations, I inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including attachments) is not 
intended or written to be used, and cannot be used by any person or entity for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax related penalties 
imposed by any governmental tax authority, or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or 
matter discussed herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
This communication, and any attachment, is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain information that is privileged, 
confidential and/or proprietary If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that further dissemination of this 
communication and its attachments is prohibited. Please delete all copies of this communication and its attachments and 
notify me immediately that you have received them in error. 
EFTA00663455

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663456.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mortimer Zuckerman 
To: Jeffrey Epstein tevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 22:09:13 +0000 
thanks 
Clare Probed 
Executive Assistant to Mortimer B Zuckerman 
Boston Properties Inc./Daily News/U.S. News & World Report 
599 Lexington Avenue, Suite 1800 
New York. NY 10022 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Monday, September 23, 2013 6:06 PM 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman; Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Re: 
house 
On Mon, Sep 23, 2013 at 5:41 PM, Mortimer Zuckerman 
. wrote: 
Hi, Jeffrey - Mort can meet at the office anytime between 11.45a and 12.30 tomorrow and at his home around 5.00/6.00. 
Thanks! 
Clare Probed 
Executive Assistant to Mortimer B Zuckerman 
Boston Properties Inc./Daily News/U.S. News & World Report 
599 Lexington Avenue, Suite 1800 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Monday, September 23, 2013 2:58 PM 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: Re: Re: 
yes 
On Mon, Sep 23, 2013 at 2:03 PM, Mortimer Zuckerman 
. wrote: 
Great. Is Thursday a deadline because you leave NYC? 
Clare Probed 
Executive Assistant to Mortimer B Zuckerman 
Boston Properties Inc./Daily News/U.S. News & World Report 
599 Lexington Avenue, Suite 1800 
EFTA00663456
--- PAGE 2 ---
New York NY 10022 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevagmail com 
Sent: Monday, September 23, 2013 1:14 PM 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: Re: 
yes 
On Mon, Sep 23, 2013 at 12:20 PM, Mortimer Zuckerman < 
> wrote: 
Thanks Jeffrey—I'll tell MZ-and you will still attend tonight's 8.30p dinner, correct? 
Clare Probed 
Executive Assistant to Mortimer B Zuckerman 
Boston Properties Inc./Daily NewsiliS. News & World Report 
599 Lexington Avenue, Suite 1800 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [maiitoreevac ion 
ry
gSon 
Sent: Monday, September 23, 2013 12:17 PM 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: 
I think we should spend 15 private minutes sometime before thurs night 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message is a private communication and is intended only for the named addressee. It may contain information which is confidential, proprietary andtor 
privileged under applicable law. If you are not the designated recipient. you may not review. copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error. 
please notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete this message from your system. 
Thank you. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA00663457
--- PAGE 3 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message is a private communication and is intended only for the named addressee. It may contain information which is confidential, proprietary andror 
privileged under applicable law. If you are not the designated recipient. you may not review. copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error. 
please notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete this message from your system. 
Thank you. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message is a private communication and is intended only for the named addressee. It may contain information which is confidential, proprietary andror 
privileged under applicable law. If you are not the designated recipient. you may not review. copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error. 
please notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete this message from your system. 
Thank you. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00663458
--- PAGE 4 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message is a private communication and is intended only for the named addressee. It may contain information which is confidential, proprietary andtor 
prMleged under applicable law. If you are not the designated recipient. you may not review. copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error. 
please notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete this message from your system. 
Thank you. 
EFTA00663459

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663460.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663460.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Reid Hoffman 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 22:21:25 +0000 
You are confirmed! Reid will have 30 minutes 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 23, 2013, at 6:17 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Yes 
On Mon, Sep 23, 2013 at 6:15 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Reid Hoffmann assistant is asking if you still wish to Skype on wed 25th at 4:15 est? Please advise 
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663460

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663461.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Lunch Wed. Sept. 25th? Sultan... 
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 2013 13:29:44 +0000 
ok thanks :) 
On Sep 22, 2013, at 9:26 AM, Jeffrey Epstein < 
> wrote: 
understaood sultan will come and we will decide mon who else 
On Sun, Sep 22, 2013 at 9:19 AM, 
wrote: 
I do not show a lunch scheduled for Wed. Sept. 25th? Is Rothschild's advisor Olivier Colom? 
The lunch with Olivier is at 12:30 on Tues. Sept 24th (unless it has been changed to WEd.?) 
Tuesday Sept 24, 2103 NY 
6:30am Breakfast wilosh Ramo 
11-11:30am Appt w/Bruce Galloway ( 
TBD LUNCH W/KAZAKHS?? 
12:30pm Lunch w/Olivier Colom (confirmed w/Olivier) 
TBD Jagbland (Will this still happen since he is now coming on 2In at 6pm??) 
5:00pm Appt w/Nicholas Christakis ( 
Wednesdaaept 25, 2013 NY 
EFTA00663461
--- PAGE 2 ---
7:30am Appt wilosh Black 
2:00pm Appt w/Leon Black at his office (9 West 57th Street, 43rd Floor) 
Take ID and Glasses! 
4:15pm EST (1:15 PST) Skype w/Reid Hoffman (Skype name: 
TBD 
TBD Ian Osborne 
ell) 
5:30 SNACKS or DINNER? Reid Weingarten (Assistant Pamela: 
On Sep 21, 2013, at 10:10 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Forwarded message 
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Date: Sat, Sep 21, 2013 at 10:09 AM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Great looking forward to see you 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 21 Sep 2013, at 06:07 pm, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes of occourse 
On Sat, Sep 21, 2013 at 10:06 AM, Sultan Bin Sulayem < 
> wrote: 
Can I attend the lunch 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663462
--- PAGE 3 ---
On 21 Sep 2013, at 05:59 pm, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
the rothchilds advisor is coming on wed lunch 
On Sat, Sep 21, 2013 at 9:57 AM, Sultan Bin Sulayem < 
wrote: 
I am having lunch tomorrow with Tom Pritzker at my hotel 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 21 Sep 2013, at 05:47 pm, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
im very proud to be your friend 
On Sat, Sep 21, 2013 at 8:37 AM, Sultan Bin Sulayem < 
> wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
************** 
************* 
******* ********* **************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00663463
--- PAGE 4 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00663464
--- PAGE 5 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663465

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663466.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663466.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Barrett, Paul S"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Barrett Team
Subject: RE: Mentor CLN 
Date: Tue, 17 Sep 2013 20:24:21 +0000 
We will be up around 220K when we get done in Southern Financial. 
We also own the position in Haze. Also up around 220K on that tranche. 
We should unwind them together. 
Let me know. 
Paul 
Paul Barrett I Managing Director I Global Investment Opportunities Group 13.P. Morgan Private Bank I 
320 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10022 
ID# 853441 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jemracation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, September 17, 2013 3:20 PM 
To: Barrett, Paul S 
Subject: Re: Mentor CLN 
ok 
On Tue, Sep 17, 2013 at 3:16 PM, Barrett, Paul S < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey 
I NMLS 
Our view that Meritor credit spreads would tighten has worked out well. We bought a 3yr note yielding 6.2%. 
Now the yield is 2.30%. We should sell it. Don't think it makes sense to hold paper paying such a low yield. 
Profit all in is $175K. 
Let me know. 
Paul 
Paul Barrett I Managing Director I Global Investment Opportunities Group I 3.P. Morgan Private Bank I 
320 Park Avenue, le Floor, New York, NY 10022 I 
I NMLS 
ID# 853441 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
EFTA00663466
--- PAGE 2 ---
and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://wwwj morgan.corn/pages/disclosures/email.
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://www.jpmorgan.corn/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA00663467

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663468.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 2013 13:36:19 +0000 
did I need to relay something to Barbro re "Eva and 
before tonights party? 
On Sep 20, 2013, at 11:03 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
eva■from resumes first choice 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663468

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663469.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Cohen <M
ina> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: call 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 03:40:05 +0000 
Tomorrow 8:40 AM PST? 
EFTA00663469

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663470.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 23:23:12 +0000 
Yes! He can see you tomorrow at 11 am. Ok? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 9, 2014, at 6:58 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
was bard free tomorow? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663470

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663471.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ehud barak
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: NYC JE 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 19:57:34 +0000 
As Franck Sinatra sang"Riding high in April, shut down in May ! ". 
Didn't you emailed me on May 7th (attached email) that you are "in ny"? 
Best 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 8, 2014, at 15:39, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Though I am competent , going back in time is not one of my capablilties. so I assume you meant - may 9, . 
sorry but I am in the caribenan until the 18th, when I hope to see you in ny. 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 8:35 AM, ehud barak < 
wrote: 
Can we meet April 9th evening? EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 7, 2014, at 15:47, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Im in ny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00663471
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663472

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663473.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 20:24:10 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
and her friends - the guy with he green backpack on the floor 
Sent from my iPhone2 
EFTA00663473

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663474.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 14:40:40 +0000 
Importance: normal 
Thank you so much for remembering! Unfortunately I haven't met any new people that I could recommend but 
my eyes are always open :)! Hope you are well... everything great with me...very happy! 
Sax !oval Szira.og Mohde 
Original message ------
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:30/04/2014 11:25 (GMT+00:00) 
To: 
Subject: 
happy birthday everything good. . do you have an asst for me? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663474

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663475.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663475.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cepred Beams
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: fun 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 05:35:37 +0000 
ApMeH XatlaTpAH 
2014-05-04 17:24 GMT+04:00 jeffrey E. <jeevacatiorSmail.com>:
Great, you and I will have fun . Who should 
contact . 
On Sunday, May 4, 2014, Cepret Samos < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey! 
Our meeting was really interesting for me! I do not know many people like you, who can open new horizons 
and prospects. And I'm looking forward for next meeting with you. 
I'm glad to see 
and everyone from your team in St.Petersburg (22.05-24.05). 
Actually Erick Schmidt is coming) 
And thank you for invitation to see you in NY. 
Sergey 
Ornpaaneao c iPad 
> 04 Max 2014 r., a 11:36, jeffreyepstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Hamtcan(a): 
> I enjoyed our short meeting. If there is something I can do to help let me know. I hope to see you in 
New York. If you think wise I will send 
and a staff member to attend your conference. Of course I 
will pay normal fees. I know it is difficult at the moment but I see many interesting opportunities.- I saw 
that your girlfriends' boss was forced to cancel. how silly. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663475
--- PAGE 2 ---
C yBawemHem, 
C.BellAKOB 
EFTA00663476

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663477.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 07:56:11 +0000 
Today is difficult for me as i had a long planned meeting with a client . 
But i really don t have a problem coming over tomorrow . We should do things for you and your houses if you 
wish . I have to speak today to Pierre Yves Rochon - the decorator and will let you know 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 4 mai 2014, at 20:25, "jeffrey E." leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
ok, I assume tomoorw does not work. no problem 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663477

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663478.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: lawrence delson
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:22:35 +0000 
Got it 
Larry Delson 
Delson International, Inc. 
P.O. BOX 3776 
New York, NY 10163 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: Eileen Alexanderson < 
Sent: Monday, April 28, 2014 7:14 AM 
Subject: 
>; lawrence delson 
priorites. 1 financial statement. 2 . open loan, credit trading accts ( speak to me goldman, deutsch, jpm, ). 
renogiate insurance, . 4 fire drill. . 5 estate, continue. future grats, clts. etc. 6, art inventory, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663478

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663479.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peter Mendelson <1 
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 08:01:48 +0000 
Am planning to but may turn out imposs for political reasons. U in NY this week? 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:Jeevacation@gmall.00m] 
Sent: Sunday, May 04, 2014 10:14 PM 
To: Peter Mendelson 
Subject: 
are you going to st pet forum 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Disclaimer 
This email and any attachments to it may be confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual to whom it is addressed. My views or opinions 
expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Global Counsel LLP and Global Counsel Advisory Limited . If you are not the 
intended recipient of this email, you must neither take any action based upon its contents, nor copy or show it to anyone. Please contact the sender if you believe 
you have received this email in error. Global Counsel LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England with number OC359787. registered office New 
Bridge Street House, 30-34 New Bridge Street, London, United Kingdom EC4V 6BJ. 
EFTA00663479

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663480.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663480.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Barrett, Paul S"
To: "Epstein, Jeffrey (jeevacation@gmail.com)" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hi 
Date: Tue, 08 Apr 2014 21:03:12 +0000 
Hi Jeffrey 
Were you able to speak to Leon yet? I really want to get him started on these non-agency mortgage settlement bonds. 
Paul 
Paul Barrett I Managing Director I Global Investment Opportunities Group I J.P. Morgan Securities LLC I J.P. Morgan Private 
Bank I J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A. 
320 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10022 
NOT AN OFFICIAL CONFIRMATION 
For informational purposes only. This report does not represent an official account of the holdings, balances, or transactions made in 
your account and is being provided at your request. Please refer to your monthly account statement for the official record of all of 
your account activities. For question, please call your J.P. Morgan representative. 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of securities, 
accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at 
I tp://www.ipmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email.
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax 
matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with 
the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed 
herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://wwwjpmorgan.corn/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA00663480

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663481.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663481.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mail Delivery Subsystem 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Delivery Status Notification (Failure) 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 15:41:18 +0000 
Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently: 
Technical details of permanent failure: 
Goo le tried to deliver your messa e, but it was re'ected b the server for the recipient domain 
by 
[72.2.112.183]. 
The error that the other server returned was: 
554 5.7.1 C: 
Relay access denied 
Original message 
DKIM-Si ature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relazed; 
d— 
;s=20120113; 
h=date: from:to:message-id:subject:mime-version:content-type 
:content-transfer-encoding:content-disposition:precedence 
:auto-submitted; 
bh=YpHz7k9+DwJvuS2kPf7VOwNGtzB7XdRe+HaWSyMfcUw=; 
bKkBCrpeH0HX5S6nf+imMX42ij5cVfIcalhccd3izedQiI8Z/+cLol/ZWZg3ZjbLisLf 
qtrunnNWzDjvufz75sbYe+jAVO+Wu3TUICijhsCri-AcS3kQ7Fq8KL6VzsIrP6hZznDG4HNrA 
j8p4Gax64hsVEIg6u+KICThngFeNamCQC0UH8zIHVoCo5qmpallubzn7cqjf0oXakI39ZU8t 
9nOkXJatpX14XKYmwAATg2KDz56GBvnduN4AVbnr0umnTzpbONLgGdNx9g4AkBJkJOfw 
KVnAcJ2TI7v+FSvUraM5MDdM3mBHPjAU9b5ZMIfy+O4MOIAzFsIXHUai5+ksXYcus82k 
Min
= 
X-Received: by 10.52.0.193 with SMTP id Imr28478581vdg.0.1399390878097; 
Tue, 06 May 2014 08:41:18 -0700 (PDT) 
Date: Tue, 6 May 2014 08:41:17 -0700 
From:"'effre E." <'eevacation 
il.com> 
To: 
Message-ID: 
Subject: out of email contact Re: Retro Patterns #Trending: Make me a match and save up to 60% off. 
MIME-Version: 1.0 
Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8 
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64 
Content-Disposition: inline 
Precedence: bulk 
X-Autoreply: yes 
Auto-Submitted: auto-replied 
End of message 
EFTA00663481

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663482.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663482.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Patrick at edX 
To: <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject:New courses starting in May and June. Celebrate edX's 2nd Birthday! 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 14:25:29 +0000 
edX Newsletter - 16 new edX courses launching over the next 4 weeks. 
Join the edX 2nd Birthday Celebration 
It's been two whole years since we launched edX and embarked on our mission to deliver 
quality education to everyone, everywhere in the world. And, what an amazing two years it 
has been. We could not be prouder of our learners, partners, faculty and staff for 
everything they have accomplished. We've been touched by learners' stories from all walks 
of life and amazed by how people are using our courses to better their lives. 
This year, we want to invite you, our learners, to our 2nd birthday celebration. On May 15, 
from 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM EDT, join us via livestream for edX's birthday party. We'll be 
EFTA00663482
--- PAGE 2 ---
taking questions live on air via Twitter and Facebook. Tune in for a chance to meet your 
favorite professors and to win cool edX prizes. 
Add the party to your calendar and bookmark the livestream today. 
Learn More 
- Patrick, your edX Community Manager 
Starting Soon 
Explore all of the amazing edX courses starting this month. 
;,]Cyber—Physical Systems 
Becoming a Resilient Person 
Cyber-Physical Systems 
UCBerkeleyX 
EECS149.1x introduces students to the design 
and analysis of computational systems that are 
integrated with physical processes. 
Starts: May 6, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Becoming a Resilient Person 
UWashingtonX 
This course gives you the permission to take care 
of yourself by learning the skills to manage stress 
and optimize wellbeing. 
Starts: May 6, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
EFTA00663483
--- PAGE 3 ---
,Big Data and Social Physics 
,Introduction to Solid State Chemistry 
:]Natural Disasters 
Big Data and Social Physics 
MITx 
Understanding big data, how to use it to improve 
companies, cities, and government, and best-
practice for privacy. 
Starts: May 12, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Introduction to Solid State Chemistry 
MITx 
3.091x explains chemical principles by 
examination of the properties of materials. 
Starts: May 12, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Natural Disasters 
McGillX 
Explore the complexity and challenges of 
infrastructure systems (transport, energy, 
IT/telecom and water) in the 21st century. 
Starts: May 28, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
View All edX Courses 
Verified Courses & XSeries 
EFTA00663484
--- PAGE 4 ---
Take advantage of over 45 verified courses or enroll in an XSeries sequence. 
;.1Autonomous Navigation for Flying 
Robots 
Vocal Recording Technology 
;',Introduction to Music Business 
Autonomous Navigation for Flying 
Robots 
TUMx 
Basic concepts for autonomous navigation with 
quadrotors. including topics such as probabilistic 
state estimation, linear control... 
Starts: May 6, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Vocal Recording Technology 
BerkleeX 
Explore approaches and emerging innovations in 
vocal production, recording, and mixing. 
Stats: May 26, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Introduction to the Music Business 
BerkleeX 
This course will survey key aspects of an 
evolving industry from recording, publishing, and 
distribution to legal issues confronting music... 
Starts: May 27, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
EFTA00663485
--- PAGE 5 ---
;:',Sabermetrics 101: Introduction to 
Baseball Analytics 
;;;Introduction to Statistics: Inference 
Sabermetrics 101: Introduction to 
Baseball Analytics 
BUx 
An introduction to sabermetrics, baseball 
analytics, data science, the R Language... 
Starts: May 29, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Introduction to Statistics: Inference 
UCBerkeleyX 
An introduction to statistical ideas and methods 
commonly used to make valid conclusions based 
on data from random samples. 
Starts: June 2, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
View All Verified Courses 
Recently Announced 
Were adding new courses daily. Explore all of the new courses from our partners. 
EFTA00663486
--- PAGE 6 ---
(
;
T
a
g
i
b
l
e
Things —Discovering 
History Through Artworks, Artifacts, 
Scientific Specimens, and the Stuff 
Around You 
S),Epidemics 
Tangible Things 
HarvardX 
Discover new ways of looking at, organizing, and 
interpreting tangible things in your own 
environment. 
Starts: June 2, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Epidemics 
HKUx 
Explore the science, prevention and control of 
epidemics. 
Starts: September 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Can't decide what to take? Don't worry. Try the new edX demo course. Demo101 walks you through how 
to get the most out of edX, how a course works and shares some best practices to help you be even more 
successful. 
View All edX Courses 
cti 
Student Story 
This is Juliet. She's from Ghana and has always wanted to give 
back to others in her country. Coming from a difficult background, 
she knew the only way to get ahead was through education. Cue 
edX! After taking The Challenges of Global Poverty she has a 
renewed zeal to use her knowledge to improve lives in 
Ghana. Read more about Juliet and share your own story at 
EFTA00663487
--- PAGE 7 ---
Stay connected on Facebook. Twitter, Google+ and more for news and updates. 
F. 
View this email in your browser 
Copyright O 2014 edX. All tights reserved. 
You are receiving this email because you subscribed to our mailing list in our website. 
Our malting address is: 
edX 
141 Portland St. 
9th Floor 
Cambridge. MA 02139 
Add us to your address book 
unsubscribe from this list update subscription preferences forward to a friend 
EFTA00663488

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663489.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Junkermann 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:24:15 +0000 
What happened? 
Sat from my Samsung Galaxy smanphone. 
Original message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:28/04/2014 15:24 (GMT+05:00) 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: Re: 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 6:15 AM, Nicole Junkermann < 
> wrote: 
We shall talk should look naturally as possible of course not through nipples as mine are very sensitive and 
should stay 
Out of your experience what is the least material which is hurtful for the body and looks natural? 
Sall from my Samsung Galaxy smartphone. 
Original message ------
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:28/04/2014 15:12 (GMT+05:00) 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: Re: 
I see you decided on a birthday present for yourself.. I. I am in favor of anything that is not dangerous that 
will make ou feel better about ourself.. Therefore I would su a a art the idea... that bein said 
w ere, 
ran , os ange es, new york. 
you need somoen with a very specail eye. it also depends on amounnt of natural muscle. fat, shape, age, 
shoulders. nose, ;. as always I am there to help advise, . revonvery is easy. 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 6:06 AM, Nicole Junkermann < 
Thinking about it...not sure so i ask expert advice:) 
Sem from my. Summing Galaxy onatiphone. 
> wrote: 
----- Original message 
EFTA00663489
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:28/04/2014 15:04 (GMT+05:00) 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: Re: 
I know them well. is it for you'll 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 6:01 AM, Nicole Junkermann < 
wrote: 
What do u think about fake breast? 
Sall from my Swami's Galaxy smarlphone. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00663490
--- PAGE 3 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663491

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663492.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663492.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tyler Shears <
Ila> 
To: Jeffrey E stein <*eevacation 
ail.com> Richard Kahn <a, 
Subject: Current results 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 18:58:05 +0000 
Attachments: JE-google-5-6.png 
news dieing down - results improving. 
see attached. 
JE - what is best time for a call tomorrow or thurs per our last convo? 
EFTA00663492

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663493.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: purevsuren •ce 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 14:41:01 +0000 
Dear Jeff, 
Welcome to Mongolia any time convienent for you in May or June. 
best, 
Purev 
Sent from my iPad 
On Apr 30, 2014, at 10:30 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I am in paris, tede and I are trying to travel to see you when most convenient 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663493

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663494.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663494.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Lang, Caroline" 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hello 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 09:21:21 +0000 
Are you still in Paris tomorrow? 
Free for lunch or later in the afternoon ? 
EFTA00663494

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663495.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel <
I
M> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 23:54:52 +0000 
Look at people magazine 
The 10 most beautiful women in the world 
Not married yet to one of them 
And you? 
Sax 'mm Szitaxg Mobile 
EFTA00663495

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663496.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
<Ma' 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 12:15:12 +0000 
Jeffrey good morning 
What about me today ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663496

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663497.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: LIBRARY/STUDY EXPANSION BY JAREDIAN 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 22:08:24 +0000 
Attachments: 14-001_LittleSt.James_05.07.2014.pdf 
Greetings Sir, 
From John Wood's office. 
Respectfully, Daphne 
Forwarded message ---
From: "Desiree M. Francis"
Date: May 7, 2014 5:52 PM 
Subject: LIBRARY/STUDY EXPANSION BY JAREDIAN 
To: " 
Cc: "Daphne Wallace"
"Cecile deJongh" 
Browne" 
-. "John P. Woods, AlA, NCARB" 
, 
"Clarence
a 
Good evening, Mr. Epstein - 
We have been having some transmission issues; therefore, I am resending you this E-mail from Mr. Woods that was done 
earlier this afternoon. It includes his note below and an attachment for your review. 
Jeffrey, 
Transmitted are two concepts for the Library/Study expansion based upon your recent comments to us at the 
Jaredian Design Group. The layouts expand the number of perspective views of the original options sent by us 
on April 29, 2014. You will note that on the northern side, we now show options of a walkway in front of the 
expanded or no walkway. Another variation we are showing in these sketches is where the arched portico 
wraps around the new bathroom structure on three sides and an option where the portico wraps around the 
new bathroom structure on two sides. We have "guestimated" the location of the pavilion near the pool. The 
"As-Built" drawings provided by your office don't show documentation of that structure. We don't believe our 
proposed portico will conflict with that roof, but that is something we can determine during the site visit next 
week. We will also be able to discuss in greater detail the variations of whether the proposed portico will be two 
sided or three sided and any other plan variation proposed thus far. We will also bring copies of the different 
sketch variations we have done so far to the site visit. It may be that some concepts from earlier variations may 
be viable to incorporate into this design as well. 
Regards, 
John 
Best regards, 
Desiree 
EFTA00663497
--- PAGE 2 ---
Desiree M. Francis, BA 
Executive Assistant 
JAREDIAN 
DESIGN GROUP 
Physical Address: 
No. 5333 Raadets Gade 
Suite 14 
St. Thomas, U. S. Virgin Islands 00802-6900 
Postal Address: 
Post Office Box 6218 
St. Thomas, U. S. Virgin Islands 00804-6218 
Tel. 
Fax 
Website: 
E-mail: 
Confidentiality Notice: 
The information contained in this E-mail Message, including any attachments, is for the sole use of the 
intended recipient(s). It is covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C.§2510-
2521and is legally privileged. Unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is strictly 
prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient and have received this communication in error, 
please contact the Sender by reply E-mail and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank You! 
EFTA00663498

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663499.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663499.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tonja Haddad Coleman <MINIMI
> 
To: Jack Scarola 
CC: Brad Edwards 
, "William B. King" <MI=
>, "Mary 
E. Pirrotta" 
Subject: RE: Epstein 
Date: Fri, 11 Oct 2013 17:32:39 +0000 
What financial discovery that was ordered by the Court? I do not know what you are referencing. Please provide 
a date or copy of the Order or date of the request. Thank you. 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
TONJA HADDAD, P.A. 
Advocate Building 
315 SE 7th Street 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Please add this efiling address to all pleadings: 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information. It is 
intended only for the use of the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any review, dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If 
you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original 
message. 
Original Message 
From: Jack Scarola [mailto 
Sent: Friday, October 11, 2013 1:21 PM 
To: Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Cc: Brad Edwards; William B. King; Mary E. Pirrotta 
Subject: Epstein 
Please confirm that we will receive by close of business on Tuesday the financial discovery ordered to be 
produced by the Court. 
Privileged and Confidential Electronic communication is not a secure mode of communication and may be 
accessed by unauthorized persons. This communication originates from the law firm of Searcy Denney Scarola 
Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. and is protected under the Electronic Communication Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. S2510-
2521. The information contained in this E-mail message is privileged and confidential under Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 
2.420 and information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. If the reader of this message is 
not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copy of this 
communication is strictly prohibited. Personal messages express views solely of the sender and shall not be 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
e-mail or by telephone at (800) 780-8607 and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you. 
EFTA00663499

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663500.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tazia Smith
To: "Jeffrey epstein" leevacation®gmail.cotn>, "Richard Kahn" < 
Subject: Re: DB reporting [C] 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 09:36:07 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Classification: Confidential 
Absolutely. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
E-mail: 
From: "jeffrey E." [jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: 05/02/2014 11:03 PM ZE2 
To: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Re: DB reporting 
; Tazia Smith 
can you run through with rich , the recoomended trades to date and their rsults. thanks, copper was anoether 
loser its seems. 
On Fri, May 2, 2014 at 10:58 PM, Richard Kahn < 
> wrote: 
DB reporting is not accurate and then followed by poor explanations 
Below is copper pricing i noticed in their daily statements sent to us along with correspondenc: 
april 29 293,490 
april 30 215,176 
78,314 or 27% 
Please advise 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
EFTA00663500
--- PAGE 2 ---
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Vahe Stepanian < 
Subject: Re: valuations [C] 
Date: Ma 2, 2014 4:42:49 PM EDT 
To: 
Cc: Jeanne Brennan 
>, Tazia Smith < 
Classification: Confidential 
> 
Rich - after reviewing further, it seems that the 4/29 valuation statement did not feed accurately -
we priced up the position looking back each day for the past week and the valuation on that date 
should have been closer to -$260k. The downward move in the underlier + a dropoff in copper 
volatility combination hurt Jeffrey's position over the past week. 
Happy to come by with Tazia on Tuesday to walk you through the charts, pricing, and to discuss 
further. 
Have a great weekend. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Associate I Wealth Investment Coverage 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 ParkAvenue - 26th Floor 
New Nen& NY 1mcis-nom 
Email 
From: 
Richard Kahn <
> 
To. 
Vahe Stepanianrdbrdbcom@DBAmericas. 
Cc: 
Jeanne Brennan 
Tazia Smithrdbfdbcom©DBAMERICAS 
Date: 
05/02,2014 07:21 AM 
Subject: 
Re: valuations IC] 
EFTA00663501
--- PAGE 3 ---
i appreciate your email and charts but you did not answer my question 
you showed me that copper went down on april 29 from 6701 to april 30 6624 or 1.15% decrease yet your 
valuation report reflected a 27% decrease in value of option 
are your valuation reports accurate? 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
10022 
On May 1, 2014, at 2:42 PM, Vahe Stepanian < 
Classification: Confidential 
Classification: For internal use only 
> wrote: 
Hi Rich - there has been a downward move in copper over the past few days. Seems to be 
attributed to slowing manufacturing activity in China - the world's largest importer of Copper. 
See below charts - happy to reach out to commodities desk should you want additional color. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Associate I Wealth Investment Coverage 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
Email 
AM trade execution information contained herein is being provided as an accommodation at your request in advance of your receipt of the official trade 
confirmation(s). Additional trade detail information available upon request. The terms of the trade(s) may be subject to change prior to settlement. and 
therefore the official trade confirmation(s) and account statements issued by Deutsche Bank shall govern. Deutsche Bank is not responsible for any 
discrepancy between the informal execution report and the official trade confirmation(s) or a000unt statements. 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
To: 
Vahe Stepanianiclbrdbcom@DBAmericas. Tazia Smithiclbrdbcom@DBAMERICAS. 
Cc: 
Jeanne Brennan 
Date: 
OS'0112014 12:43 PM 
Subject: 
valuations 
EFTA00663502
--- PAGE 4 ---
did something happen in copper in the last 24 hours that changed valuation so drastically 
april 29 293,490 
april 30 215,176 
78,314 or 27% 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York  10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA00663503

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663504.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663504.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Hi 
Date: Thu, 10 Oct 2013 22:48:59 +0000 
Hi Jeffrey, are you back? Me andMare going to West Palm this friday till tuesday... In case you around ;) will 
be great to catch up all of together... ;) or let's meet in ny, is it better? Just let me know when you can... Have you 
speak to Jonathan? He never contact me, please remind him about me, I'm really excited to meet him... 
Looking forward to hear back from you, have a nice day ;) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 10, 2013, at 6:30 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
I will not be back until oct 10 
On Tuesday, September 10, 2013 
wrote: 
Hello Jeffrey, 
how are you? Wrote you email and send you couple of pic and no answer :( Are you around this week...? 
Mine and 
coming today to NY till Friday. Will be great to catch up and talk about life 
stories ;) ...and also how is Jonathan Farkas, is he back :)? Looking forward to meet him. 
Have a great day and let me know. 
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663504

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663505.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663505.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Richard
 Abel Goce < 
Subject: Re: GSCO IMY accounts 
Date: Thu, 01 May 2014 13:39:33 +0000 
, tax 
I will be in on Monday morning. 
I will review the draft first thing and post it to the portal for Rich. I will be available to review with Rich on 
Monday. 
In order to finalize the amended return, we will need the dates of acquisition and cost details of the works 
sold...and dates of sale and proceeds of sale. For the draft, we are using the net gain estimates. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE DROID 
"jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
when will i have the draft????? 
On Thu, May 1, 2014 at 3:24 PM, Thomas Turrin < 
> wrote: 
Yes...agreed 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE DROID 
Richard Joslin aa 
wrote: 
Please dont forget to take out $250K of interest income (GSCO) in the 2012 amended return 
On Mar 28, 2014, at 4:04 PM, "Richard Joslin" 
wrote: 
See screenshot below that shows BRH ownership of AP Professionals which owns Apollo Operating Group. 
BRH Holdings LP has a 98- prefix (a foreign partnership). Foreign partnerships are assigned EIN's with a 98 
prefix http://www.irs.gov/irm/part21/irm_21-007-013r.html. AP Professional Holdings, L.P., an exempted 
limited partnership formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands, 
httplAvww.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1411494/000119312513204748/d532543dex101.htm The foreign 
partnerships are non-withholding partnership for purposes of Sec 1441 (they have not elected with the IRS to 
be treated as a withholding foreign partnership for US tax purposes. 
EFTA00663505
--- PAGE 2 ---
AP Professionals has an account at GSCO. Since AP professionals is a non-withholding foreign partnership 
and since the owner of AP Professioanls (BRH) is also a non-withholding partnership, GSCO is reporting 
income directly to the US owners of BRH. This is accomplished by AP Professional issuing a W-8 IMY to 
GSCO and giving GSCO the W-8-IMY of BRH which reflects the US owners of BRH. GSCO issues 1099's 
directly to US owner. We know that BRH is owned by BFP LP (not LDB). The BRH K-1 was picked up by 
BFP but this 1099 was reported directly on LDB's 1040 (should have been BFP pro forma K1 (if not reported 
by BRH)). The AP Professional LP income was picked up by BRH Holdings. I confirmed with Apollo. 
Summary: GSCO 1099s issued under LEON BLACK IMY-AP PROFESSIONAL HOLDINGS LP were 
reported twice in 2012 — once on LDB 1040 and once on K-1 for BFP LP. 
Taxable income overstated by — $250K. 
Accounts: 
iimi
The pages upload to portal of the 1099 foi 
ave been left out — I can't see for certain but likely 
also IMY-AP PROFESSIONAL HOLDI 
Oddly I don't see these GSCO accounts for AP Professional are reported on 1040 for 2011 but they are 
reported in 2010 (in addition to other GSCO accounts) and 2009. Very small amounts in those years. 
<image001.png> 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print copy, disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such. you have been authorized to 
deliver this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely 
for the purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have 
received this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and 
enclosures, from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including 
any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing. or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or lax-related matter(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent. 
EFTA00663506
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663507

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663508.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 12:20:18 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663508

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663509.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin < 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 01 May 2014 14:30:14 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
I always enjoy being in the same room as the two of them 
Date: Thu, 1 May 2014 12:47:43 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
was it fun. ? 
On Thu, May 1, 2014 at 6:15 AM, Eva Dubin < 
wrote: 
Had dinner with Woody and Soon yi tonight....we felt that we were cheating on you!! 
Did you leave? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663509

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663510.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cecile de Jongh
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:31:52 +0000 
I will follow up. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone and misspellings courtesy of iPhone. 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 7:29 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
banking investigation??? did they start.? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663510

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663511.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffre E stein <*eevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 01 Apr 2014 13:21:50 +0000 
k would love to speak with you! she 
...April 21st at 6:30 she has a meet and greet at Mort Zuckerman's house in NY...she would love your 
help! She says Larry Summers is on the exact same page as her...She would love any support you could give 
her... 
She also needs to give her money to someone to trade ...she has about $175,000 to give to some good manager if 
you know of any 
cell 
EFTA00663511

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663512.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663512.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Albert-Laszlo Barabasi
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Joshua Cooper Ramo < 
Aleva  
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 01 May 2014 14:50:39 +0000 
>, Suzanne 
wonderful. Copying my assistant, Suzanne, who can help in my absence to arrange meetings, etc. 
cheers I 
On 4/30/14, 9:45 PM, jeffrey E. wrote: 
i will come to see you in june in boston 
On Thu, May 1, 2014 at 2:04 AM, Albert-Laszlo Barabasi < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey 
no plans right now-- I will be in Boston and Budapest in the next months (May-Budapest, June -Boston, 
July-Budapest, August--Boston). 
Any chance you would be passing by these places? 
cheers I. 
On 4/28/14, 8:13 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
Spoke to josh Ramo, and Brockman.. when are you next in new york.? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Albert-Ldsz1O Barabasi 
@barabasi 
Network Science: Interactive Textbook 
EFTA00663512
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Albert-Laszlo Sarabasi 
@barabasi 
Network Science: Interactive Textbook 
EFTA00663513

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663514.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663514.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 15:34:34 +0000 
Dear Jeffrey, 
That would be great! I'm at work now and will drive to the countryside to celebrate Valborg and watch the 
bonfire. Will you have any time for skype tmr or Friday? 
Best, 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 30, 2014, at 14:02, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
im in paris, might have time to skype later 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663514

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663515.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Other Airlines on Oct. 14th 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 19:01:21 +0000 
Emirates and Etihad do not fly direct from Paris to NY... British Air has a true first class, but also is not direct...it 
stops in London then makes its way to NY from Paris... 
Delta has a Biz Elite, with angled flat seats, that departs CDG at 1:40pm arrives JFK at 4:05pm on Mon. Oct. 14. 
Biz Elite is $6535.95. Coach is $3248.00. Both fully refundable. Airbus A330 
Open Skies has Biz Class, with Flat Bed Seats, departing Orly at 1:40pm arrives NWK at 4:15pm. Biz Class is 
$5873.00. Coach is $2886.30. Boeing 757. 
On Oct 9, 2013, at 2:34 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what other airlines first class etihad? emirates open skies. etc 
****************************************** 
***************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663515

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663516.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 22 Mar 2014 18:59:56 +0000 
And she has not responded when I texted her and called her, although I can see that she has read my text. I hope 
she calls you back tonight if she takes it seriously (she assured we that she did) 
On Saturday, March 22, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
she asked to skype today, and then no show , not good 
On Sat, Mar 22, 2014 at 12:46 PM, 
wrote: 
Tried her - no response now. It is 10.45pm here. Will let you know as soon as she gets back to me 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 22, 2014, at 10:43 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
today 
On Sat, Mar 22, 2014 at 12:42 PM, 
wrote: 
Shall we set up a certain time for a Skype call with 
. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 22, 2014, at 10:10 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
tried to leave a skype message for arina 
******* ***** *********************** 
************************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663516
--- PAGE 2 ---
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00663517

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663518.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663518.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Paula Fisher
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 01 May 2014 15:28:49 +0000 
Sure! F will prob pick me up from the gym so we can stop by after 7 and say hi! What's the address again? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May I, 2014, at 12:59 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ok after 7 ? 
On Thu, May 1, 2014 at 12:52 PM, Paula's Air Mac <1 
> wrote: 
I can hang out or do something tomorrow! 
On May 1, 2014, at 12:17 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
im here, come by tonite, want to walk ? shop? etc 
On Thu, May 1, 2014 at 12:08 PM, Paula's Air Mac < 
> wrote: 
Thanks!!! Whew, Can't believe it! If you're in Paris let me know...here til May 8 before Jerusalem xo 
On Apr 30, 2014, at 6:18 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
happy birtday 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00663518
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663519

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663520.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ada Clapp
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Ada Clapp
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:39:25 +0000 
Will do. On the Estate Overview (fire drill) we are waiting for Rich j to approve the numbers so we can send the 
markup to UST. Once we send it, they promised to turn it around in a couple of days. 
Sent from my iPad 
On Apr 27, 2014, at 7:38 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
leon has agreed to open trading accts at JPM DB and goldman sachs, ( their swat division. he should speak to 
blankfien and get coverage. ). we will get barn deutch and jpm to bid on the art, boat and plane loan , 
including establishing lines of credit. 
we will need accurate financial statement .. Leon will be involved in the negotiation of terms. ie jane heller 
etc. these accounts should be in leons name alone, the joint checking acct will be serviced by melanie and 
except for household acct , joslin will oversee payments. 
I would like an all hands meeting on the 8 th of may . alan included, larry delson, we should have financial 
statments , drafts of tax return. cash flow. , and a fixed date to have results of the fire drill estate plan. 
eileen and rich I would like you to interview neesha as a bookeeper to help rich asap. get info from lesley 
ada please put in bullet points questions re cap amounts for children, schedule of grat payments , please 
have victoria and alex sign temp wills . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663520

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663521.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Bill Spear 
Date: Thu, 01 May 2014 15:40:48 +0000 
Would you like to set up a call w/Bill Spear? 
=IL 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: William Spear 
Subject: Connect 
Date: May 1, 2014 11:32:34 AM EDT 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Cc: Boris Nikolic 
Lesley, 
You may have heard that my sons Josh and Micah bumped into Jeffrey and Boris on Madison Avenue a few 
days ago. Jeffrey mentioned that he'd recently gotten an Email from me so I know your good efforts have not 
gone unnoticed. I wrote Boris (copied here) some time ago to connect with him and to arrange further 
discussions with Jeffrey regrading our situation; unfortunately, he was traveling and did not reconnect. 
If there's a chance to arrange a call, I'm in the US and NY area for a few weeks. Would really like to have 
Jeffrey's support to help get our research jump-started. 
Thanks again for your help. 
EFTA00663521

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663522.pdf
----------------------------------------
From•
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 12:40:01 +0000 
I don't ignore you. I don't know what questions do you mean? I was thinking about how to get better. We spoke 
about charity trip before so thought that I can do it. Also I'm exercising typing and watch khan. I did dyslexic test 
and went to dermatologist. I'm sorry to hear that you see that I'm not trying. Also I found course of various 
massages for 5-7. Can I book it for that days? 
Ps what type of questions should I ask then? 
W dniu czwartek, 24 kwietnia 2014 Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> napisal(a): 
> I hope your test was easy for you. I was quite disappointed that none of your questions re what you should do 
with your time relates to how you can do a better job, start a more secure financail life. have a more direction to 
your goals. 
I have told you many mnay times that charity can wait until you are older and the most importnat 
chariy is you you you... going to madagasgar before you are stable. have direction and are really good at 
helping me or other jobs. makes no sense ( at aleast to me ) as alwys and as unfortunately common , though i 
spend the time to give you my best advice, re skin, biz etiquette etc. you choose to ignore. it. . I had 
suggested taking multipew toefl test. the entire four hours at a time. you disagered, adn the results are the 
results. doing it again without more preparation is silly , and you should make a distinction between spending 
time and spendign time wisely. you are great. I want the best for you. Im not sure how to get my message 
across. as I said it seems that i am not ding a very good job in explaing the risks and rewards. 
> --
> 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663522

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663523.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "H.K.H. Kronprinsessen" < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 12:10:25 +0000 
N00000 
Den 6. okt. 2013 kl. 13:50 skrev Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>:
feeling better? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663523

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663524.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663524.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Zorro Ranch <zorro.office®gmail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com>, Brice Gordon
Subject: ZDC_PIANO_REPAIR 043014 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 20:30:31 +0000 
Attachments: ZDC_PIANO_REPAIR 043014.pdf 
Good Afternoon, 
Sony about the earlier uncompleted E Mail 
While on site before your visit, Laura Lyn from Vintage Piano Workshops, noted some issues with the piano. 
She found a number a the hammers where sticking and as she mentioned to you last year, tuning pins where 
loose. She was unable to tune the upper register to the level she really wanted and recommended that work 
needed to be done 
I asked if she could forward an estimate, which is attached. It is quite hard to read, hence what follows is a 
breakdown 
Replace loose timing pins - 6 hrs @ $100 per hr 
$600.00 
Action Keys - Rebush Frnnt - as needed 
$200.00 
Rebush Balance - as needed 
$200.00 
Recondition etc Hammers 
$400.00 
Trip Charges @ $100 each 
$200.00 
Tuning 
$250.00 
SubTotal 
$1,850.00 
Tax 
$112.16 
Total 
$1,962.16 
The liming Action is to be removed, once in the shop there are frequently additional repairs that need to be 
made. Therefore the estimate cost may be as much as 20% 
If anything major is found the owner will be notffied before any additional work will be completed 
Please note this work will take approx. 3 to 4 weeks 
Please advise how you wish to proceed 
Thank you 
Wannest regards 
Karen 
Z017'0 Development Corp 
Z017'0 Ranch Road 
Stanley, NM 87056 
Ranch Mana er 
EFTA00663524

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663525.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Junkermann
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:34:17 +0000 
Funny i am with my phone and i cannot call you back 
Sail Elm my Samsung Galaxy smanphone. 
Original message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:28/04/2014 16:32 (GMT+05:00) 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: Re: 
it keeps going to voivmail 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 7:24 AM, Nicole Junkermann < 
What happened? 
Sail (mm my Samsung Galaxy smailphone. 
------ Original message -----
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:28/04/2014 15:24 (GMT+05:00) 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: Re: 
212 772 9416 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 6:15 AM, Nicole Junkermann < 
We shall talk should look naturally as possible of course not through 
should stay 
Out of your experience what is the least material which is hurtful for 
Sall from my Summing Galaxy smailphone. 
-- 
Original message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:28/04/2014 15:12 (GMT+05:00) 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
wrote: 
wrote: 
nipples as mine are very sensitive and 
the body and looks natural? 
EFTA00663525
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: Re: 
I see you decided on a birthday present for yourself.. I. I am in favor of anything that is not dangerous that 
will make you feel better about yourself.. Therefore I would support the idea... that being said it is a 
very special operation. with various choices. entry through nipple. under arm, belly button. under 
breast. 
material, silcon. , gel, solid foam. , saline. . size , B. no larger, where, / brazil, los angeles, 
new york. you need somoen with a very specail eye. it also depends on amounnt of natural muscle. fat, 
shape, age, shoulders. nose, ;. as always I am there to help advise, . revonvery is easy. 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 6:06 AM, Nicole Junkermann < 
> wrote: 
Thinking about it...not sure so i ask expert advice:) 
Sail lion my Summing Galaxy $martphone 
Original message ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:28/04/2014 15:04 (GMT+05:00) 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: Re: 
I know them well. is it for you?\ 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 6:01 AM, Nicole Junkermann < 
> wrote: 
What do u think about fake breast? 
Sent from my Samsung Galaxy marlphone. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00663526
--- PAGE 3 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663527

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663528.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mark Lloyd <a> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Zachary Bamett 
Date: Tue, 08 Apr 2014 21:35:18 +0000 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Hope all is well with you. When am I going to see you? 
I would like to introduce you to a rather impressive young man in NYC called Zachary Barnett who founded 
Abzyme a Research Foundation. He needs all the support he can get and given your own endeavours in medical 
research, I thought you might just be someone he should meet. 
I should mention that I arranged for him to see our friend Alfred Taubman when he was in Palm Beach recently 
as I (mistakenly) thought he would be truly interested In what Zachary is doing. However I was wrong, despite 
Alfred's huge support through his remarkable philanthropic efforts in stem cell research and women's health at 
the University of Michigan, he was not in the least interested in the fight against HIV. 
I know your main focus is brain research, so guess your reaction may well be the same. Notwithstanding, I feel I 
should at the very least bring this to your attention just in case I am wrong. 
It would mean a lot to me if you could just give Zachary a few minutes of your time to tell you what he is trying 
to achieve. 
As ever, 
Mark 
EFTA00663528

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663529.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663529.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <a 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Reminder 
Date: Wed, 16 Oct 2013 11:31:48 +0000 
Reminder: 
jack Goldberger, Leon, David Mitchell, David Blaine 
faith, who 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663529

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663530.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, II Oct 2013 17:33:13 +0000 
Hi J, 
how is it going?any news L? 
When will you be back?Or when can we come to visit you?:) 
EFTA00663530

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663531.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <a 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Dick Henriques 
Date: Tue, 08 Apr 2014 21:34:56 +0000 
You are confirmed to call Dick Henriqies tomorrow at 1 EST. try home first and then cell if necessary. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663531

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663532.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663532.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Junkermann
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 22 Mar 2014 19:18:38 +0000 
Original message ------
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:22/03/2014 19:58 (GMT+01:00) 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: 
lets talk today, interesting opportunity 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663532

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663533.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663533.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: John Brockman 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:10:51 +0000 
>>john ramo said i would like barabasi, isn't he one of yours 
We've been there - three or four emails a couple of years ago trying to get you together with him. You can find 
him at: Albert-Laszlo Barabsi  
k He knows who you are. 
http://edge.org/conversation/thinking-in-network-terms 
http://edge.org/conversation/blackout-we-39re-all-on-the-grid-together 
JB 
EFTA00663533

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663534.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663534.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: soon yi previn aMI
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 12:19:14 +0000 
We cn let u know on this. 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone 
On Oct 6, 2013, at 6:22 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leaegmail.com>
 wrote: 
great fun friday.. RE Harvard and MIT. we could fly up on my plane the momig of the 23. meet with some 
of the worlds great scientists one on one. . If woody decides he can do the harvard poetry tape with larrys 
wife lisa , should take 30 minutes. we could go to MIT to see the science of the future. and be home in ny 
for dinner 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663534

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663535.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663535.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Paul Allen! 
Date: Tue, 08 Apr 2014 21:41:35 +0000 
See below and advise please! 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Marilyn Valentine 
Date: April 8, 201 
- 
To: 'Lesley Groff 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Lesley, 
Paul has been traveling, and we don't have a confirmed return date for him yet. 
Is there a message I can pass on? Email is typically the best way to reach him if that is an option for Jeffrey. 
Thank you, 
Marilyn 
Original Messa - 
From: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Sunday, March 23, 2014 6:09 PM 
To: Marilyn Valentine 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello Marilyn..Hope you have had a super weekend...Jeffrey is asking if we could set up a call with Paul this 
week. Might he have some availability? Monday or Tuesday this week would be fantastic if possible. Please 
let me know. 
Thank you, 
Lesley 
MO, 
Epstein 
EFTA00663535

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663536.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663536.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Leon Botstein-YES to dinner on April 20th 
Date: Tue, 01 Apr 2014 13:27:31 +0000 
Leon Botstein is available for dinner on April 20th...he is asking for timing... (Roger and Leon are in...Barnaby is 
a no) 
EFTA00663536

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663537.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663537.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Lang, Caroline" 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Tomorrow 
Date: Fri, 11 Oct 2013 17:40:40 +0000 
Would you like my father to join us for lunch or do you want to see him another time? 
EFTA00663537

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663538.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663538.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: I FOUND IT 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 23:05:26 +0000 
But Pm too smart to give massages and be cool as well.. 
So what should I do? 
On Apr 21, 2014, at 6:56 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <1 
 wrote: 
you say you want to get on solid finacial footing and you want to go on a singing path? ???? , you are too 
smart for this .. 
I spend the money that left for my flight ticket to the States, as well as for couple of singing Workshops that I 
found myself I'm crazy about. And for additional Visa and insurance fees I had to pay. And than it was suddenly 
zero. what addditional visa fees? , 
I didnt wanna make you dissapointed. mats the last thing I wanted to do. So I did w 
First of all now I need to secure myself financialy at the beggining, than I willl be able to progress myself. 
I wish to get on the singing path, however, I've got no idea how to do it by now. 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 6:40 PM, 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, when I was complaining about the cancellation of the massage classes you told me to go to meet 
some masseur and ask him to tell me how to do it. So i did. And i think you saw the proval. 
I went for everycooking classes as i promised and I was practising home as well. 
I spend the money that left for my flight ticket to the States, as well as for couple of singing Workshops that 
I found myself I'm crazy about. And for additional Visa and insurance fees I had to pay. And than it was 
suddenly zero. 
I didnt wanna make you dissapointed. mats the last thing I wanted to do. So I did what you told me to: find 
and do what you like. 
First of all now I need to secure myself financialy at the beggining, than I willl be able to progress myself. 
I wish to get on the singing path, however, I've got no idea how to do it by now. 
On Apr 21, 2014, at 6:22 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
eating junk, cookies , sweets, fruit, 
so far you have not done the massage class that you received 
money for, I do not know if you did all the cooking classes. and how you spent the money for the food you 
were supposed to buy for it you have not yet learned anything that would make you more helpful to me„ 
you have not asked what you can do to help. I am disappointed. I will of course still help you, but as you 
EFTA00663538
--- PAGE 2 ---
know, I greatly dislike bullshit . 
" I didnt go to massage class , but i got a massage instead, and 
observed," is just plain wrong. you asked for money to learn, you told me the first time that the woman 
canceled and ... 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 5:56 PM, 
And how r u? Where are you? :-) 
> wrote: 
My body is super extremly tired from that change and arrival back to NYC :) 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Doti, 
21, 2014 at 5:39:48 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Re: I FOUND IT 
Great 
On Monday, April 21, 2014, 
Jeffrey, I found the appartement and I just love it! I was so lucky! 
> wrote: 
It's unbelievebly beutiful. It is only 1,500 + 50$/100$ for utilities plus one month deposit. Lady I'll be 
sharing with is very nice and easy going. She told me I can pay on the day when I move in. 
I'm so happy :-) 
Thank you, that you offered me your help. I wish to move in ASAP. 
You have probably no idea what a huge stone has just fallen down from my heart :) and everything 
just because of you! You made it possible for me :) THANKS 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663539
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663540

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663541.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 26 Apr 2014 00:31:56 +0000 
going to New Jersey with the boyfriend till Tuesday. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663541

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663542.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ehud barak
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: DC 7-9 May 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:32:33 +0000 
Jeff Hi 
Yes. May 7 around noon till May 9 around 10am. 
Why? R U going 2 B in DC as well? 
Best 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 14:25, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
will you be in ny the 7th 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663542

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663543.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern <MMINI=> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:36:59 +0000 
I will write you when you arrived in Paris tomorrow, and if possible let us meet there please. 
EFTA00663543

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663544.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Sat, 26 Apr 2014 01:27:15 +0000 
Hello Jeffrey 
What time tomorrow I must be at the house ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663544

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663545.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 01 Apr 2014 13:33:18 +0000 
She doesn t listen to anyone as she s irrational. David- probably Robert Badinter ( even if he is conflicted with 
the deal with Publicis) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 1 avr. 2014, at 12:37, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
is there someone who can mediate , that she and david respect 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663545

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663546.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:44:50 +0000 
Thank you Jeffrey. That would really help me. I feel my mood is falling seriously down without working down. 
Also my body. 
You are really great. Thank you 
I also bought vitamin and mineral supplements as you told me to. And filling myself with lot of proteins as well. 
:-) however, cravings for sweets dont wanna leave me, but it is much better than in the beginning 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 8:39 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
I will pay for gym if you want 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 8:38 AM, 
> wrote: 
Still chasing for a new appartement. I found temporary place where I will stay till I find something for long 
term. I gave up on sweets. I finally did some sport yesterday- went run to central park and had some 
stretching there. 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 6:28 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
news? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00663546
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663547

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663548.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 26 Apr 2014 01:42:16 +0000 
I feel fine 
And I want to see You 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 25, 2014, at 9:37 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
only if you feel better 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 9:27 PM-
wrote: 
Hello Jeffrey 
What time tomorrow I must be at the house ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663548

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663549.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
› 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 12:52:32 +0000 
I miss ya ! Are you in town? 
Could I make an appt w Patrick today? And visit you ? 
EFTA00663549

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663550.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:50:03 +0000 
I did. Just the cravings are chasing me. I'm doing well so far. 
How is everything with you? How r u? Where are you? Is there something I can do for you to help somehow? 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 8:45 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
you have to stop entirely, none at all 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 8:44 AM,
> wrote: 
Thank you Jeffrey. That would really help me. I feel my mood is falling seriously down without working 
down. Also my body. 
You are really great. Thank you 
I also bought vitamin and mineral supplements as you told me to. And filling myself with lot of proteins as 
well. :-) however, cravings for sweets dont wanna leave me, but it is much better than in the beginning 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 8:39 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I will pay for gym if you want 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 8:38 AM,
>. wrote: 
Still chasing for a new appartement. I found temporary place where I will stay till I find something for 
long term. I gave up on sweets. I finally did some sport yesterday- went run to central park and had some 
stretching there. 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 6:28 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
news? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00663550
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663551

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663552.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: soon yi previn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 22 Mar 2014 19:21:42 +0000 
Ritz Carlton Hotel. 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone 
On Mar 22, 2014, at 2:01 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
where are you guys exactly? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663552

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663553.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:55:47 +0000 
sure, what date should this dinner be? (or are these pp to add in on the May 7th possible dinner?) 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 8:38 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jmS@gmail.com> wrote: 
addtional dinner, jes Jacob frankel. woody, cheeky, jj abrahms, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663553

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663554.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Bamaby Marsh
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 22:23:48 +0000 
Always fun. 
On Tuesday, September 17, 2013, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
monday great. i just findished talking to reid hoffman. i think you might like him 
On Tue, Sep 17, 2013 at 7:36 PM, Barnaby Marsh
In NYC this weekend, Monday the 23rd, and then 30th, if you are in town/ 
wrote: 
On Sun, Sep 15, 2013 at 11:17 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I will do some funding at MIT with gates . Deception signal s. want to join 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663554

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663555.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:59:24 +0000 
I will keep my eyes open for new girl and Pll do all I can. So far I dont know many people in town. 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 8:50 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
findme a new asstistant 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 8:50 AM,
> wrote: 
I did. Just the cravings are chasing me. Pm doing well so far. 
How is everything with you? How r u? Where are you? Is there something I can do for you to help 
somehow? 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 8:45 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
you have to stop entirely, none at all 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 8:44 AM,
wrote: 
Thank you Jeffrey. That would really help me. I feel my mood is falling seriously down without working 
down. Also my body. 
You are really great. Thank you 
I also bought vitamin and mineral supplements as you told me to. And filling myself with lot of proteins 
as well. :-) however, cravings for sweets dont wanna leave me, but it is much better than in the beginning 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 8:39 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I will pay for gym if you want 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 8:38 AM, 
wrote: 
Still chasing for a new appartement. I found temporary place where I will stay till I find something 
for long term. I gave up on sweets. I finally did some sport yesterday- went run to central park and 
had some stretching there. 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 6:28 AM, Jeffrey Epstein 
wrote: 
news? 
EFTA00663555
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00663556
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663557

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663558.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Twitter -4 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: jeffrey epstein, you have a new follower on Twitter! 
Date: Sat, 26 Apr 2014 05:13:51 +0000 
Jeffrey epstein, 
You have a new follower on Twitter! 
Jen Howard Kessler 
Following: 1233 • Followers: 188 
Follow 
Check out your followers page for more. 
Report for spam 
See all your followers 
Forgot your Twitter password? Get instructions on how to reset it. 
You can also unsubscribe from these emails or change your notification settings. Need help? 
If you received this message in error and did not sign up for Twitter. click not my account. 
Twitter, Inc. 1355 Market St.. Suite 900 San Francisco. CA 94103 
EFTA00663558

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663559.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MIMII
I> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein CC leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Peggy Siegal 
Date: Fri, 11 Oct 2013 17:47:15 +0000 
Please call Peggy Siegal 
EFTA00663559

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663560.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Thank you! 
Date: Sat, 26 Apr 2014 05:48:06 +0000 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Peggy Siegal 
Date: April 26, 2014, 12:23:35 AM EDT 
To:" 
Subject: Thank you! 
#1. Thank you so much for making a donation to the Costume Institute at the Met on May 5th. 
I am very excited to go to cocktails from 6:30pm to 8:00pm in a ball gown (men are white tie) and work the 
room as quickly as possible. Will report how many films I can sign up. 
How much does this cost a minute? $5,000 for an hour and half? 90 minutes into $5,000 dollars? You do the 
math. I will make it worth your investment. 
#2. We (lawyers Martin O'Connor and Jim George) are having a conference call Monday on mother's estate. 
Jim George, Palm Beach lawyer is aggressive. Jim is denying extension for filing estate something or other in 
Palm Beach. He is also in contact with brother's New Jersey accountants and lawyers too. Will update. They 
are making headway. 
When are you back in NYC. Have good events. What happened with 8 tickets for Cabaret? I have an assistant 
who is trying...I know we have four and asks out to a number of agents for the other four. I will follow up. 
xoxo Peggy 
Organizing my Cannes trip. Going May 13-25th. At the Carlton. Very excited. 
EFTA00663560

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663561.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ian Osborne
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 10 Oct 2013 22:19:08 +0000 
in NY the 24th-25th, so plan to see you then? 
On 10 Oct 2013, at 10:29, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ny 16-17. island 21 
ny mit . 26 island 
On Thu, Oct 10, 2013 at 11:19 AM, Ian Osborne < 
wrote: 
London, heading to NY this afternoon. LA and SF over weekend and Monday, 
probably Europe next Wednesday/Thursday, then Korea. 
How long are you in Paris for? And where after? 
On 10 Oct 2013, at 09:32, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
im in paris you? 
:saa******************aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa■■■rr************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00663561
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663562

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663563.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663563.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Junkermann
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 22 Mar 2014 19:26:47 +0000 
Ok on which number? 
Original message ------
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:22/03/2014 19:58 (GMT+01:00) 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: 
lets talk today, interesting opportunity 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663563

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663564.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663564.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 26 Apr 2014 11:11:35 +0000 
Are you ok? What surgery? 
Wysiane z iPada 
Dnia Apr 26, 2014 o godz. 1:09 AM Jeffrey Epstein lea@gmail.com>
 napisal(a): 
I had surgery in my mouth . can't talk will skype you at 1 pm your time 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 6:59 PM, < 
> wrote: 
I checked skype but there is nothing new?? 
Wyslane z iPada 
Dnia Apr 26, 2014 o godz. 12:25 AM Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> napisal(a): 
we need to work out may schedule. why have you not responded to skype? 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 11:30 AM, 5 
Went ok, results next week 
Xx 
Wyslane z iPada 
> wrote: 
Dnia Apr 25, 2014 o godz. I :30 AM Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> napisal(a): 
what happend at the test? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663564
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663565

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663566.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663566.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <1 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 13:12:22 +0000 
Yay, great thank you ! And thank you for articles ! Great stuff ! 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein letri@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes to both. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 8:52 AM,
 wrote: 
I miss ya ! Are you in town? 
Could I make an appt w Patrick today? And visit you ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663566

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663567.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663567.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: roger schank 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 01 Oct 2013 14:13:47 +0000 
I dont think you have seen our courses yet 
but if you or yours wanted to build a learn by doing on line course, you could use our new tool 
the tool is described here 
http://educationoutrage.blogspot.com/20 1 3/08/fac ul ty-putting-their-existing-courses 
I 
to take a look at our courses go here 
http://www.socraticarts.com/services.cfm?service=Short-Courses 
let me know what you think 
roger 
On Jul 31, 2013, at 11:40 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
how did bob kerrey , meeting go. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Roger Schank 
CEO, Socratic Arts Inc 
john evans professor emeritus, northwestern university 
EFTA00663567

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663568.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 13:15:38 +0000 
Sony for a stupid question but do I just call to their reception and ask for Patrick ? 
Do I just call him ? 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014
 wrote: 
Yay, great thank you ! And an c you or articles ! Great stuff ! 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes to both. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 8:52 AM
 wrote: 
I miss ya ! Are you in town? 
Could I make an appt w Patrick today? And visit you ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663568

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663569.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 13:18:08 +0000 
Or call directly him ? 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014
 wrote: 
Sorry for a stupid question but do I just call to their reception and ask for Patrick ? 
Do I just call him ? 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014
 wrote: 
Yay, great thank you ! And thank you for articles ! Great stuff ! 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes to both. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 8:52 AM,
 wrote: 
I miss ya ! Are you in town? 
Could I make an appt w Patrick today? And visit you ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663569

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663570.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ehud barak
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: LS 
Date: Sat, 28 Sep 2013 21:32:14 +0000 
Hi Jeff 
Thank you for all the efforts and help. Re Larry, 
Great Idea. Let's discuss it between you and me and see how to follow on. 
BTW I've got a warm response from J Ramo following the meeting at your place. We have to follow on re this as 
well. 
Any impressions from the Lady de R. ? 
Had a BF with Jes (of BM) in Singapore. Seems on a good mood and happy. 
That's for now. 
Best 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 28, 2013, at 20:46, Jeffrey Epstein <jea®gmail.com> wrote: 
spent the afternoon with Lany Summers, . I think he would work well with you. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663570

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663571.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cecile de Jongh 
To: J E <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Paul Hoffman... 
Date: Fri, 21 Mar 2014 21:57:59 +0000 
...would like to speak with you re AYH. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone and misspellings courtesy of iPhone. 
EFTA00663571

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663572.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Other Airlines on Oct. 14th 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 19:26:06 +0000 
Open Skies round trip in Biz Class is $6735.10. The Amex rep says it is pricing high because they only have 
the one Biz Class seat available on the 1:40pm flight on Oct. 14. Coach round trip is pricing out at $1123.60. 
On Oct 9, 2013, at 3:09 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
check roundtrip fares on open skies 
On Wed, Oct 9, 2013 at 9:01 PM, Lesley Groff  
 wrote: 
Emirates and Etihad do not fly direct from Paris to NY... British Air has a true first class, but also is not 
direct...it stops in London then makes its way to NY from Paris... 
Delta has a Biz Elite, with angled flat seats, that departs CDG at 1:40pm arrives JFK at 4:05pm on Mon. Oct. 
14. Biz Elite is $6535.95. Coach is $3248.00. Both fully refundable. Airbus A330 
Open Skies has Biz Class, with Flat Bed Seats, departing Orly at 1:40pm arrives NWK at 4:15pm. Biz Class 
is $5873.00. Coach is $2886.30. Boeing 757. 
On Oct 9, 2013, at 2:34 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what other airlines first class etihad? emirates open skies. etc 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663572
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663573

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663574.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Joi Ito"
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: (No subject) 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 12:43:18 +0000 
Not sure what you mean. Shall we chat on the phone? 
Sent from Mailbox for iPhone 
On Sun, Oct 6, 2013 at 8:04 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
need direction as to mit publicity concerns. JJ abrahms/ ? deception . barnaby? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663574

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663575.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 26 Apr 2014 13:18:10 +0000 
Okay! Should I email him? 
On Apr 26, 2014, at 9:17 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
I htink you might want to ask dan gilbert to meet for a coffee . you should start interacions with professors 
as early as possible 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663575

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663576.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 08 Oct 2013 17:07:56 +0000 
She is pro, thats why its expensive, nobody will do it for free anyway. She knows everybody and can get 
everything but for surtem price, which is normal. 
Best regards, 
oct. 2013, a 11:06, Jeffrey Epstein  
 Hamica.n(a): 
I am happy for you . like always when sometning actuallly happens. after not befroe. upon results , not 
expecations. . I woudl ike nothing more than for you to be secure. 
On Tue, Oct 8, 2013 at 11:01 AM, 
 wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
How are you? How was M) 
she is really pro ! 
Liked her? 
Today you will see an amazing girl ! I know her in person, she will be perfect for assistant and totally your 
type! 
IM 
has tons of others! 
When can i get my comm?) 
Best regards, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00663576
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663577

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663578.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 13:35:55 +0000 
Thank you ! 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lesley 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 9:18 AM
 wrote: 
Or call directly him ? 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014,
 wrote: 
Sorry for a stupid question but do I just call to their reception and ask for Patrick ? 
Do I just call him ? 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014, 
wrote: 
Yay, great thank you ! And t an c you or articles ! Great stuff ! 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes to both. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 8:52 AM,
I miss ya ! Are you in town? 
Could I make an appt w Patrick today? And visit you ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
wrote: 
EFTA00663578
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNS®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663579

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663580.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 13:36:21 +0000 
Would you 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lesley 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 9:18 AM
 wrote: 
Or call directly him ? 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014,
 wrote: 
Sorry for a stupid question but do I just call to their reception and ask for Patrick ? 
Do I just call him ? 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014
> wrote: 
Yay, great thank you ! And thank you for articles ! Great stuff ! 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes to both. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 8:52 AM, 
wrote: 
I miss ya ! Are you in town? 
Could I make an appt w Patrick today? And visit you ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00663580
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNS®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663581

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663582.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ann rodriquez
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fw: Fwd: Flowers plants 
Date: Tue, 15 Apr 2014 19:02:44 +0000 
Hey Bossman, 
Photos from Ingrid in PR. 
Daphne is printing them out for you as we speak. 
Ann R. 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and protected from 
disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify the sender immediate) and delete all copies. 
On Tuesday, April 15, 2014 2:29 PM, Daphne Wallace < 
> wrote: 
Forwarded message
From: Ingrid Rivas < 
Date: Tue, Apr 15, 2014 at 1:56 PM 
Subject: Flowers plants 
< 
Cc: ' 
' < 
Flowers plants 
Please call if you need more info. 
Thanks 
Ingrid 
Sent from Yahoo Mail on Android 
Shared files from Dropbox: 
JPEG 
JPG 
JPG 
JPG 
JPG 
JPEG 
JPEG 
JPG 
JPG 
JPEG 
astromelia pink trees.jmg 
bouganvilia Barbara K.jpg 
Bouganvilia Flame.jpg 
bouganvilia Hawaiian purpule.jpg 
Bouganvilia Hawaiian white.jpg 
bouganvillea Glabra Purpule.jpeg
Carreaquillo.jpeg 
corona d cristo Red.jpg 
coronas de cristo yellow.jpg 
crosandras.jm
EFTA00663582
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ila
—hibiscus bush 3 gtpink.jgg 
JPEG 
JPG 
JPG 
JPG 
ixoras Pettitte.jpeg 
topiary Hibiscus red.jgg 
20140224 112040.jpg 
20140224 112056.jpg 
EFTA00663583

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663584.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MINIII
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Justin Nelson 
Date: Fri, 21 Mar 2014 22:03:53 +0000 
Justin Nelson is asking if he could come see you...would you like me to schedule him in for next week when 
you are in ny? 
EFTA00663584

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663585.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663585.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 12:44:38 +0000 
Great. I have classes from 9-11 and then 2-4 so I'd be available for either lunch or dinner if you would like to!!!! 
EMII.vould also DIE to meet Woody if that would be an option :) 
On Oct 6, 2013, at 7:16 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i ve change my trip to the 23rd. woody alien might join as well 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663585

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663586.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevaeation(k:gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Wed, 16 Apr 2014 19:41:45 +0000 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York. New York 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Eileen Alexanderson < 
Subject: RE: 
Date: April 16, 2014 3:39:11 PM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn 
Just spoke to Leon. For reasons Jeffrey is aware of the payment will be made April 25 
From: Richard Kahn [maiIto 
Sent: Wednesday, April 16, 2014 2:01 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Re: 
ok 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
On Apr 16, 2014, at 1:48 PM, Eileen Alexanderson < 
> wrote: 
I had not been informed that this payment was due on April 15th. Checking with Leon, will be back. 
From: Richard Kahn [maiIto: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 16, 2014 1:17 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: 
EFTA00663586
--- PAGE 2 ---
good afternoon 
i hope you survived your april 15th deadlines ok.. 
i left you a voicemail earlier as i am not sure if you spoke with jeffrey regarding a 10,000,000 payment that 
was due yesterday 
i checked jeffreys accounts and did not see any wires hit 
can you please call me to discuss 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York. New York 10022 
EFTA00663587

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663588.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stem <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 19:47:46 +0000 
That's for the goym... 
On 19 Apr 2014, at 20:22, Jeffrey Epstein lee
n®gmail.com> wrote: 
just go and hang out in lobby 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 3:15 PM, David Stem -4 
 wrote: 
How can I go to Milken conference without paying entrance fee plus it's sold out? 
Last time Merkin took me. 
On 18 Apr 2014, at 16:30, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
later today 
On Fri, Apr 18, 2014 at 11:18 AM, David Stem 
wrote: 
When can I call you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00663588
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663589

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663590.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Greg Wyler"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: fyi 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 14:30:28 +0000 
Good idea. 
We had the conversation about the banker briefly last week. 
On Apr 21, 2014 3:46 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
they will drag it out. no reason for them to move . 
you can tell them that you are too busy actually working 
on the project to divert time so you will hire a banker to respresnt you 
On Sun, Apr 20, 2014 at 10:04 AM, Greg Wyler  
> wrote: 
Not yet. 
On Apr 20, 2014 2:17 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Did you receive your offer? 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, Greg Wyler < 
> wrote: 
> http://online.wsj.cominews/articles/SB10001424052702303603904579493440845328418? 
mod=WSJ_hp_EditorsPicks&mg=reno64-wsj 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00663590
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663591

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663592.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ehud bank <
III
> 
To: Epstein Jeffrey sleevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: LS 
Date: Sat, 28 Sep 2013 21:35:29 +0000 
I think greatly of him especially in re to advise for Sovereign Heads. We can complement each other effectively 
with a lot of synergies. 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663592

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663593.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Scott Peterson <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: RE: Special project 
Date: Wed, 23 Apr 2014 16:49:08 +0000 
Attachments: King_County2.JPG; Pics_028.jpg; Safe_Boats_Apostle-5226jpg; RBP_Ijpg 
I left messages for the Bahamians. I will let you know details as soon as I hear back. 
Meanwhile, here are a few different configurations of our 41. The blue collared boat is the one close to you. 
Just let me know if you would like more shots. 
Thanks 
Scott 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2014 8:25 AM 
To: Scott Peterson 
Subject: Re: Special project 
What number to call 
On Wednesday, April 23, 2014, Scott Peterson < 
wrote: 
Hello Jeffrey, 
I am truly sorry to hear of your trouble. 
Can I ask a few questions? 
What make and model did you try? I want to fully understand what isn't working. Hull form, dead rise, weight, 
CG, etc. 
Will you share this with me? 
All my best 
Scott 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 23, 2014, at 3:52 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
my boat came and was sent back to manufacture two days later. could not handle chop without pounding. 
want to try? 
google boys bought salthouse boats catamaran... A true fast rib that ran on the water as opposed 
to chopping through would be a great hit down here. . Lets start a design if you bike 
On Wed, Jan 15, 2014 at 11:05 AM, Scott Peterson < 
> wrote: 
Good Morning Jeffery, 
EFTA00663593
--- PAGE 2 ---
I am sorry for the confusion. I saw a preliminary design a few weeks ago and I know Jenson was engaged 
with the drive train company getting the initial Application approvals. 
I know they were also working through the laundry list of mandatory engineering documents. It's things like 
hydrostatic structural analysis and these must be done before any new project. 
I'm truly sorry that we did not communicate clearly on the timeframe needed to do this documentation. But it's 
the only way we can absolutely make sure the product is right when we deliver it. Basic designs are very easy 
to do in a hurry but the actual engineering documentation and certifications do take some time. We should've 
done a better job communicating this. I'm truly sorry and take 100% responsibility for this 
miscommunication. 
Thank you for considering SAFE Boats and please know we are here to help with any boat issues you might 
have. 
Thanks 
Scott 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 15, 2014, at 1:02 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Since we have heard nothing re boat for a month, I have assumed you are not interested. We have moved on 
to another manufacturer. Thank you for the time spent. 
On Friday, December 13, 2013, Scott Peterson wrote: 
I know we can fix that. But let's make sure you are the first kid on the block with the "BADEST" toy. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 13, 2013, at 3:15 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
scott . as you know there are about ten to twenty private island owners down here, no one has a good boat. 
Branson uses a nautica , lany paige a zodiac 
On Fri, Dec 13, 2013 at 6:40 PM, Scott Peterson 
> wrote: 
Jenson, Kevin 
I would like to introduce you to Jeffrey. This is the special project 
that we discussed. 
Although we are not under a nondisclosure, we shall proceed as we are under one. 
I would like to keep Jeffrey's information confidential between this team. 
As we discussed, this is for use in the Caribbean. It is a high-speed 
transportation craft. We need to meet or exceed 60 mph with eight 
passengers on board. 
Ride quality, speed, safety and close quarter maneuvering is a priority. 
I showed Jeffrey some photographs of AWI (all weather interceptor.) He 
would like something that looks meaner than that. 
I would like the design of this craft to be unique and make a statement. 
EFTA00663594
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jenson, can you work some of your magic? Please keep us in the loop on 
progress and feel free to contact me at anytime with questions. 
Thanks 
Scott 
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jee 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663595

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663596.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L."
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 01 Oct 2013 14:12:16 +0000 
He's going to do so today. As you know, I need to make a decision this week (it was really last week but you advised me to 
wait just a little longer). So since michael will call today, is there any way you could get him to see me, face -to-face, for 
just 5 minutes this week? I'll go anywhere he wants and I can do It any time other than from 3:00 pm today until noon 
tomorrow (colonoscopy prep and procedure). 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [malltoleevacatIon@gmall.00m] 
Sent: Tuesday, October 01, 2013 09:51 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
I suggest your sony guy , weigh in. woody orgigianlly said he didn't want either globes or hasty, the sony guy 
said he should acccpet globes , but doesn't have to attend. 
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■rrrrrrrrrrrrrr***************s* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA00663596

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663597.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: hi 
Date: Fri, 27 Sep 2013 00:47:44 +0000 
Back in NY 
EFTA00663597

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663598.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevaeation@gmail.com> 
Fwd: Introducing Leidos Health 
Wed, 23 Apr 2014 19:17:12 +0000 
HRMP_ Fact _Sheet.pdf; Virtual_Biotech Phanna_lnitiative.pdf; 
Leidos_Case_Study_Translational_Research_Support.pdf; 
Leidosinsight_Stakeholder_Inclusion[2].pdf; 
Leidos_Capabilities_Program_Management[1].pdf 
Forwarded message 
From: Duenas, Martin A.
Date: Tue, Apr 22, 2014 at 10:45 AM 
Subject: Introducing Leidos Health 
To: "jeffrey*jeffreyspstein.org" <jeffrey_kjeffreyspstein.org> 
> 
Dear Jeffrey, 
I write to introduce myself and my organization. 
I used to work at the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF) and most recently; I was a 
founding member of the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute (PCORI). 
At JDRF (www.jdrf.org), I managed the international grants portfolio as their National Director and 
COO of Research, as well as their patient/stakeholder program. I went to PCORI in Washington, DC 
to help startup the institute (www.pcori.org). At PCORI, I set up the organization strategic plan, policies 
and procedures, standard operating precedes, grants and program management, IT, and their 
patients/stakeholder program. 
I recently joined Leidos Health to develop a consulting practice to support organization like yours - see 
attached. 
I would welcome the opportunity to hear more about your organization so we may explore 
opportunities to work together. I am in NYC next week and I can stop by anytime. Next Tu, 
April 29, there will be a couple of Leidos Health Scientists with me, and if you have time, we 
welcome the opportunity to talk to you in person. 
I look forward to hearing from you. 
Thank you/Gracias, 
Martin 
Martin A. Duenas, MPA 
Director I Health Research Management Practice 
Managed Life Sciences 
cell (1): 
cell (2): 
I www.leidos.com/health 
EFTA00663598
--- PAGE 2 ---
This email and any attachments to it are intended only for the identified recipients. It may contain proprietary or 
otherwise legally protected information of Leidos. Any unauthorized use or disclosure of this communication is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender and delete or otherwise destroy the 
email and all attachments immediately. 
EFTA00663599

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663600.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663600.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ShansonEctj 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 21 Mar 2014 21:51:39 +0000 
FYI. Wed am -- I am going out to the Cleveland clinic. Get to the bottom of my shortness of breath 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 21, 2014, at 5:11 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
whrea re you 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663600

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663601.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Illforever at 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Here you go =) 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 20:16:42 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
One hit on Google I believe yes, but not the opposite way. Because of this, Im not happy sharing my old name. 
It also mean that the people who searched for me regularly before may understand that I have changed name. 
Annoying! Maybe I just have to get a secret identity in the future, since this mess up my carrier. 
I can send you a snapshot from my new driver license and passport when I got it. 
EFTA00663601

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663602.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thorbjon Jagland
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 14:40:10 +0000 
Hi Jeffrey, yes more than fine. Once in a lifetime for all of them, to be on such a place. And many thanks to 
Jennifer. Everything was too much. 
I tried to call you 1645,111 try again 
Thorbjem 
Den mandag 21. april 2014 skrev Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> folgende: 
tried to call you. was everything fine for the family.? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Eps 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663602

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663603.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
, Martin Nowak 
, 
Martin Nowak 
, 
Subject: David Gergen 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 14:40:48 +0000 
David Gergen will come see you at Martin's institute at 9am tomorrow. 
Tues. Aptfl,  2014 BOSTON 
9:00am Appt w/David Gergen (MM) 
10:00am Appt w/Joscha Bach 
1:000m Meet 
determined to be) 
cell 
Martin Nowak's Institut 
has until 2:15pm 
will meet you at PED an t hen walk with you to Square or where lunch is 
1:30 m LUNCH iv/Dan Gilbert and 
at Cambridge One, 27 Church Street. (t== 
(Dan 
3:00pm Appt w/Dimitar Sasselov 
Harvard Horizons at Sandon) 
5:45pm Appt w/Geoyge Church I
 Meghan is assistant: 
(he must leave at 4pm to go to 
EFTA00663603

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663604.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lisa New 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 12:57:52 +0000 
This event is at the apartment of the chairman of the YIVO board. My plan had been to take the 4 or 5 shuttle 
and cab right here 
Sent from my iPhoneg 
On Oct 6, 2013, at 6:20 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ill check „ what time do you have to be in ny on the 23 rd? ? . 
On Sat, Oct 5, 2013 at 10:59 PM, Lisa New -4 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
For taping in Cambridge? For breakfast and taping at my house. Depends on what woody is up for. My ideal 
would be a 112 hour-40 minute conversation, but we could do a quick taping in 15 minutes ...my team can be 
ready 
And , just to remind,could also come to do taping in ny on 24th because Pm coming to New York the 
evening of 23rd for a YIVO event--to which you would both be most welcome I'm sure (YIVO is the largest 
collection of materials from Jewish Eastern Europe) 
Lisa 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 5, 2013, at 8:36 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how much time should i allocate? 
On Sat, Oct 5, 2013 at 3:26 PM, Lisa New -4 
> wrote: 
Or we could do the taping at my house. That would be totally delightful too 
On Sat, Oct 5, 2013 at 1:59 PM, Lisa New < 
> wrote: 
Absolutely. 23rd is great. I teach my seminar that day at 1 but could tape in the morning or after class-
-in my office (very private), or at the Harvardx studios (less) or in the Woodberry poetry room (the 
nicest place). . If Woody wanted, we could bring some students into the taping or just do the two of 
EFTA00663604
--- PAGE 2 ---
Woody is absolutely welcome to come to the seminar, of course 
John McCain, Tony Kushner, Al Gore have all signed on the last 2 days...crazy 
Lisa 
On Sat, Oct 5, 2013 at 1:50 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
does the 23 work in cambridge 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Elisa New 
Powell M. Cabot Professor of American Literature 
Harvard University 
148 Barker Center 
Quincy Street 
Cambridge, MA 
O2138 
Elisa New 
Powell M. Cabot Professor of American Literature 
Harvard University 
148 Barker Center 
Quincy Street 
Cambridge, MA 
O2138 
EFTA00663605
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663606

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663607.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 08 Oct 2013 17:47:34 +0000 
Please confirm that I should send Eileen a reminder of 8,500,000 that is due October 15, 2013 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
EFTA00663607

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663608.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fro 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 20:55:11 +0000 
You in palm beach?;-) 
EFTA00663608

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663609.pdf
----------------------------------------
From= 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 000 
Date: The, 22 Apr 2014 21:23:13 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 5246.MOV 
I pictured his last movements before the start of the black month :0 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663609

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663610.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 21 Mar 2014 22:19:29 +0000 
Yes 
Envoye de mon iPad 
Le 21 mars 2014 1 22:55, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation®gmail.com> a ecrit : 
tomororw? 
On Fri, Mar 21, 2014 at 3:53 PM, A. de Rothschild .<=a 
wrote: 
Yes perfect . This w-end whenever it s best for you 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 21 mars 2014, at 14:35, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
today or over the weekend ? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00663610
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663611

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663612.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Joslin 
To: "Barry J. Cohen" <
III=1=> 
CC: Jeffrey Epstein <*eevacation a mail.com>, Melanie Spinella 
, 
Diana Howard 
, Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: RE: Art inventory 
Date: Wed, 23 Apr 2014 09:43:13 +0000 
Attachments: ART_PORTFOLIO_LISTS_FOR_B_COHEN_APRIL_2014.xls 
Attached is the excel file which is an extract from a larger file we will be putting in short order onto a database 
so that it can be accessed by my multiple end users at all times. I have added the broader classification categories 
- where I do not have Sotheby's cataloguing classification due to the timing of the appraisal, I inserted based on 
comparing to similar classifications of mediaperiod and research of the artist. As Sotheby's is currently updating 
the appraisal, we can ask to have genre added to their cataloguing efforts. The goal is to have consistent/ uniform 
information between appraisal and Black accounting/ portfolio records. I have formatted the files for ease of 
printing and also summed the classification at end. Again I note that we continue to review various records and 
inventory items/ amounts will continue to be updated/ revised. 
Original Message 
From: Barry J. Cohen [mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2014 9:53 AM 
To: Richard Joslin 
Subject: RE: Art inventory 
I think that would be very helpful. Is this in an Excel spreadsheet? If so, might be helpful to have the original 
Excel. 
Original Message 
From: Richard Joslin [mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2014 9:32 AM 
To: Barry J. Cohen 
Subject: RE: Art inventory 
The Sotheby's appraisal delineates between 19th century paintings, American Paintings, contemporary art, 
Impressionism and Modem Art, Latin American Paintings, and prints (old masters, 19th century, and modem). I 
can add this information to the portfolio report if that is sufficiently helpful to you. While this is not genre 
specific, it may be helpfulk to add the genre under the more broad classifications. 
Original Message 
From: Barry J. Cohen [mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2014 9:23 AM 
To: Melanie Spinella; Richard Joslin 
Cc: Eileen Alexanderson; Ada Clapp; Jeffrey Epstein; art 
Subject: RE: Art inventory 
Thanks. I'll reach out. 
From: Melanie Spinella 
Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2014 9:20 AM 
To: Barry J. Cohen; Richard Joslin 
EFTA00663612
--- PAGE 2 ---
Cc: Eileen Alexanderson; Ada Clapp; Jeffrey Epstein; art 
Subject: RE: Art inventory 
Leon's curator - Diana Howard would have all that information 
Original Message 
From: Barry J. Cohen 
Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2014 9:20 AM 
To: Richard Joslin 
Cc: Eileen Alexanderson; Ada Clapp; Jeffrey Epstein; art; Melanie Spinella 
Subject: RE: Art inventory 
This is very helpful. Thanks. Is there anyone besides Leon who can provide genre/movement (like American 
Modem, French Impressionist, German Expressionist, Surrealist, etc.) for each work of art. I want to try to 
formulate a policy for the types of art the Trusts focus on, and I think it would be helpful to have some general 
descriptors along these lines. 
Glad to have a conversation on this if that's easier than responding by email. 
I can probably also come up with the descriptors myself, but I figured someone may already know this off the 
top of his/her head. 
Barry 
From: Richar 
Sent: Monday, April 21, 2014 9:09 PM 
To: Barry J. Cohen 
Cc: Eileen Alexanderson; Ada Clapp; Jeffrey Epstein; art; Melanie Spinella 
Subject: RE: Art inventory 
Mr Cohen: 
Attached is the current art portfolio for the APO 1 and APO 2 entities. While the vast majority of the items have 
been checked and verified, we nevertheless are continuing to review records from various sources to ensure we 
have precise cost, description, etc. for all items, particularly items acquired many years ago. Fair value is based 
on an appraisal performed by Sotheby's in June 2013. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Richard Joslin 
CFO 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Ave 
Ste. 1901 
New York. NY 10022 
EFTA00663613
--- PAGE 3 ---
Original Message 
From: Ada Clapp 
Sent: Monday, April 14, 2014 12:09 PM 
To: Barry J. Cohen; Richard Joslin 
Cc: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Re: Art inventory 
Hi Barry, 
I am forwarding your email to Rich Joslin of our office. He is the individual who is updating the art inventory 
and who can give you his timing. 
Best regards, 
Sent from my iPad 
> On Apr 14, 2014, at 11:47 AM, "Barry J. Cohen" aill==> 
wrote: 
> Jeff E thought the inventory would be done in April. Is it finished? I view this as an important step for the 
trusts to formulate an art acquisition policy. 
> This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and 
> intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are addressed 
> and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, 
> retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action 
> in reliance upon this information by persons or entities other than 
> the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email 
> in error please contact the sender and delete the material from any 
> computer. 
> Apollo Global Management, LLC 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom 
they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities 
other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender 
and delete the material from any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom 
they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities 
other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender 
EFTA00663614
--- PAGE 4 ---
and delete the material from any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA00663615

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663616.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: George Church 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 15:29:40 +0000 
George Church cannot come to Martin's institute tomorrow and is asking if you could meet him at his office at 
5:45pm instead...takes 15-20 minutes via taxi to get to George's office from PED. Please advise if OK for you to 
go to George's office...and if so, do you want to take a taxi or hire a car service? 
Tues. April 22, 2014 BOSTON 
9:00am Appt w/David Geigen a 
(Monet is his assistant: 
10:00am Appt w/Joscha Bach 
1:00 m Meet 
determined to be) 
1)
cell 
Martin Nowak's Institute 
has until 2:15pm 
will meet you at PED and en walk with you to Square or where lunch is 
1:30pm LUNCH w/Dan Gilbert and 
reservations). a 
(Dan 
3:00pm Appt w/Dimitar Sasselov a) 
Harvard Horizons at Sandors) 
at Cambridge One, 27 Church Street (they do not take 
5:45pm Appt w/Geoyge Church a 
Meghan is assistant: 
(he must leave at 4pm to go to 
EFTA00663616

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663617.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 15:35:05 +0000 
Tried calling 
On 21 Apr 2014, at 16:10, Jeffrey Epstein imS®gmail.com> wrote: 
if 
212 772 9416 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jmS®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663617

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663618.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cecile de Jongh
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Paul Hoffman... 
Date: Fri, 21 Mar 2014 22:34:51 +0000 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone and misspellings courtesy of iPhone. 
On Mar 21, 2014, at 6:00 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
number? 
On Fri, Mar 21, 2014 at 3:57 PM, Cecile de Jongh < 
wrote: 
...would like to speak with you re AYH. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone and misspellings courtesy of iPhone. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663618

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663619.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663619.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 27 Sep 2013 15:39:51 +0000 
okay...as long as it won't hurt me in the long run... 
On Sep 27, 2013, at 11:39 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
very normal its great , they do it all the time to remind the students that they are no longer gods 
On Fri, Sep 27, 2013 at 11:16 AM, 
Okay that I did badly in chemistry? 
> wrote: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663619

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663620.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663620.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 09 Sep 2014 14:56:06 +0000 
Yes new york 
Today I am staying home. Got cold at the restaurant last night and I am tired of 3 weeks non stop 
I call you tomorrow 
Sax immSzwaxg Mohde 
Original message -------
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:09/09/2014 7:33 AM (GMT-05:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
are you here/>? ny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663620

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663621.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daniel <I=M
ill
> 
To: jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hello Jeffrey 
Date: Mon, 08 Sep 2014 23:18:14 +0000 
What do think a bout Camilla ? 
Daniel siad 
EFTA00663621

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663622.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663622.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MIMIII
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Tim Zagat 
Date: Mon, 15 Sep 2014 19:15:04 +0000 
Please call Tim Zagat at home...Tim will be back in NY on 24th ...he is hoping that will be good for you to have 
dinner. 
212 362 1191 
Wed. Sept 24, 2014 NY 
Reminder: 
in apt I IP Sept 24-Oct 7 
Reminder: Rosh Hashanah begins at sundown 
TBD Jagland (Kathy Ruemmler is in NY and would love to join) 
EFTA00663622

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663623.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663623.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daniel Sabba
To: "jeevacation" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: TRS on AAPL - creating synthetic long exposure [C] 
Date: Sat, 25 Oct 2014 23:25:35 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Inline-Images: graycol.gif; 21099378.gif; 21489035.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey, I wanted to confirm you saw this. Please advise how to proceed. Daniel 
Daniel Sabba 
---• Original Message ---
Fres: Daniel Sabba 
Sent: 10/24/2014 12:18 PM EDT 
Se: jeevacationegmail.coe 
Ce: Paul Morris; Vehe Stepanian; Stewart Oldfield; 
Subject: TRS on AAPL - creating synthetic long exposure (C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey, 
Please see below indication for TRS in AAPL. 
Notional: 1,000,000 shares of AAPL 
Term: 1 year 
Southern Financial receives: Total return in AAPL 
Southern Financial pays: ImL + 75bps 
Commissions: 3 cents per share to enter and exit the trade. There is no additional break up fee. 
Execution: We would suggest best efforts VWAP for execution 
Color from trading desk: "this is probably the worst name for long total return - the street will generally be high". 
Best regards, 
Daniel 
Daniel Sabba 
Director I Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 ParkAvenue, 26th Floor 
mai 
Please note all prices are indicative and subject to change without notice. 
Derivatives are financial transactions based upon one or more predetermined market factors where periodic payments (or a one-time lump-
sum payment) are made by each of the parties to the transaction based upon the value of the market factor or factors. The amount of the 
EFTA00663623
--- PAGE 2 ---
payment(s) will either be set at a fixed amount or fluctuate as the value of the underlying market factor fluctuates. The underlying market 
factors are items or variables which are subject to market fluctuations; for example, interest rates, currency exchange rates, assets, stock 
prices, stock index levels, commodities or a combination of one or more of these factors. Derivatives are normally used either as a hedging 
device or as an investment vehicle. Over-the-counter (OTC) derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, 
market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. In certain transactions, you could lose your entire investment or incur unlimited loss. 
This communication may contain confidential 
and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient 
(or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the 
material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA00663624

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663625.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663625.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jabor 1"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 28 Aug 2014 23:30:19 +0000 
I will send it to you tomorrow 
On 28 Aug 2014 20:22, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
name of architect? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663625

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663626.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 18 Aug 2014 12:47:54 +0000 
She just texted me herself that she would like to come to meet you. What time? 
On Sunday, August 17, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
leave until mondy 
On Sun, Aug 17, 2014 at 7:04 AM, 
Thank you so much! Everything is perfect! 
wrote: 
I will contact 
again today regarding Tuesday! She doesn't know her schedule yet... What time would 
be better for you.
On Sunday, August 17, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.cotn> wrote: 
leon is flying to nice tonite, do you need anyting? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00663626
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00663627

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663628.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E."
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 17 Oct 2014 11:33:34 +0000 
Meeting=today. 
Will make sure the chicken makes an appointment for her test, I have paid for it already. 
Sent notes to 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 17, 2014, at 7:31 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
awake? 
driving, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663628

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663629.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daniel
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 08 Sep 2014 23:20:26 +0000 
And she cooler then—
Daniel siad 
On 27 Aug 2014, at 14:52, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
??9 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663629

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663630.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 26 Oct 2014 08:27:33 +0000 
:) 
2014-10-25 12:32 GMT+02:00 jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>: 
httplAvwwjpost.com/Diaspora/Poland-bids-to-reclaim-forgotten-past-as-haven-for-Jews-3 79767 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663630

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663631.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Leon Botstein 
Date: Mon, 15 Sep 2014 21:41:42 +0000 
Below from Botstein's assistant re a call tomorrow. Please advise 
Don't want to be a pest, but any news? 
Again, I proposed tomorrow at around 8 am, at around 1:30 pm or sometime between 4-6:30 ish. 
Thanks so much! 
Catherine 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663631

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663632.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663632.pdf
----------------------------------------
From•
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 26 Oct 2014 10:22:21 +0000 
yes :) 
2014-10-26 11:02 GMT+01:00 jeffrey E. lea®gmail.com>: 
skype? 
On Sun, Oct 26, 2014 at 4:27 A1‘,
> wrote: 
:) 
2014-10-25 12:32 GMT+02:00 jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>: 
http://www.jpost.corn/Diaspora/Poland-bids-to-reclaim-forgotten-past-as-haven-for-Jews-379767 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663632

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663633.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 28 Aug 2014 16:55:22 +0000 
there are 3 girls in my head. I 'm meeting one of them tomorrow. Another one is coming to NYC on Monday. 
And yes, I have some jobs. I even work today and tomorrow 
2014-08-28 12:11 GMT-04:00 Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com>:
My assistant? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
WE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663633

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663634.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peter Thiel <a 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 15 Sep 2014 21:50:14 +0000 
somewhere over 2 
On Sep 15, 2014, at 4:36 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com<mailtojeevacation@gmail.com>> wrote: 
Size of Roth ? 1-2? 
On Monday, September 15, 2014, Peter Thiel <I=IMI
<mailto:a> 
wrote: 
$150-200MM 
On Sep 15, 2014, at 3:44 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com<javascript:;> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com<javascript:;>>> wrote: 
size? 
On Mon, Se 15, 2014 at 3:25 PM, Peter Thiel <I=IMI
<javascript:;> 
<mailto: 
javascript:;>>> wrote: 
First approximation would be to pay off various loans... 
On Sep 15, 2014, at 2:11 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.contlavascript:;> 
<mailtojeevacation@gmail.contlavascript:;>><mailto:jeevacation®gmail.com<javascript:;> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com<javascript:;>>>> wrote: 
if you knew what you would do with the money withdrawn from the Roth, it might even lead to a more elegant 
solution. ideas? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com<javascript:;> 
<mailtojeevacation@gmail.corrilavascript:;>><mailto:jeevacation®gmail.com<javascript:;> 
<mailtojeevacation@gmail.contlavascript:;>>>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00663634
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com<javascriptg> 
<mailtojeevacation@gmail.comlavascript:;>>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.conailtojeevacation®gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663635

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663636.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663636.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L."
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 17 Oct 2014 11:36:10 +0000 
I will know by the time we take off from the DR at around noon if that's ok. As you know, it's totally his call. 
From: Jeffrey E. [rnalltoleevacation@gmall.comJ 
Sent: Friday, October 17, 2014 07:16 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
if there is a real cahnce you guys will visit, i will keep my heli pilots here, if not , i will send them home hope to 
see you 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA00663636

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663637.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663637.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 28 Aug 2014 23:44:19 +0000 
I have just canceled my trip in Miami 
Sax imm Santaxg Mobilo 
Original message 
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:28/08/2014 7:18 PM (GMT-05:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
I will be in palm beach for weeken d you are welocome to stay 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663637

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663638.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663638.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Danny V. & E. 
Date: Fri, 17 Oct 2014 11:50:18 +0000 
They are working on the Vasci Hell light this morning. 
Chillax light will be done right after. 
Master Bath switch and Towel warmer will be installed this afternoon. 
Rich is still researching the Transformers and pipes requested for this project and Danny V. & E. cannot start the 
300ft ditch without the supplies. 
Ann R. 
On Oct 17, 2014, at 7:28 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
danny , switches in master bath/ vasci hell. toilet light in chillax. kite house elctrify 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663638

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663639.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: soon yi previn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 08 Sep 2014 23:44:31 +0000 
I haven't heard from you. Can you please confirm that Saturday is good for you? I assume you meant dinner on 
Saturday is that correct? 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone 0 
On Sep 5, 2014, at 5:56 PM, "soon yi previn" < 
> wrote: 
Yes, Woody will be editing the week of the eighth. If you thought it was boring watching him shoot, editing is 
even worse, but enjoy. Saturday is good for us. What did you have in mind? ;) 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone
On Sep 5, 2014, at 1:21 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
will woody be editing the week of the 8th? he kindly said i could sit and watch for a short while. what is 
your schedule this week, ? tues fri sat? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663639

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663640.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663640.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 29 Aug 2014 00:14:46 +0000 
Yes that i would love to see!! 
I found an old book about Alberto Pinto s decors and recognized your appt in Paris . 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 29 aofit 2014, at 01:19, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
you would be happy, I am covered in dirt, from showing how to clean. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663640

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663641.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 28 Aug 2014 16:57:51 +0000 
Let me get the latest chart for both of us and we II discuss. 
I m truly thankful for your support as it keeps me going. Remaining motivated is a challenge 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 28 aoilt 2014, at 13:55, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
it would be helpful if you sec could scan the chart so that we can discuss. I know how many things you are 
dealing with at the same time, and how difficult balancing them all both emotionally , operationally, and in the 
end physcially . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663641

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663642.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663642.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Alisa Khayrutdinova 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnall.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 08 Sep 2014 23:46:17 +0000 
Yes, it is:( sometimes it's depend on exactly officer on the border... I'm unlucky this time. 
ceat 2014 r., a 18:29, "jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> Hanucan(a): 
i told you returning from monaco is not a good factore for a young pretty russian girl 
On Mon, Sep 8, 2014 at 6:19 PM, Alisa Khayrutdinova  
 wrote: 
I was thinking about it but I thought they still stamp me for 6 month.. The same case was with my friend, 
they even said her go back to Russia but she started to cry and she got 6 month permission!! 
ceaz. 2014 r., a 17:57, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> Hanacan(a): 
i thought it would happen. 
On Mon, Sep 8, 2014 at 5:56 PM, Alisa Khayrutdinova 
wrote: 
Yes.. Because it's my 4 time in US for this 9 month and have no job now! So they decided to ask me 
about everything in special room. 
cent 2014 r., a 17:22, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> aanmcan(a): 
thats not good why? 
On Mon, Sep 8, 2014 at 4:50 PM, Alisa Khayrutdinova 
How do you know something happened? 
I had my permission to stay in the USA till 4 of October only:( 
wrote: 
cent 2014 r., B 15:54, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> aanacan(a): 
what happened? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00663642
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663643

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663644.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663644.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ann rodriquez
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 15 Sep 2014 22:07:43 +0000 
Hey Bossman, 
Jermaine and James were at the Flagpole pool on Saturday testing the Computer and 
the Speakers. 
Ann R. 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and protected from 
disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete all copies. 
On Monday, September 15, 2014 4:33 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacafion@gmail.com> wrote: 
who played with my stereo. ? jermaine? gym? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663644

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663645.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663645.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ann rodriquez
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.corn> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 15 Sep 2014 22:08:59 +0000 
I'll speak to Jermaine about the speakers being left on. 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and protected from 
disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete all copies. 
On Monday, September 15, 2014 4:25 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
my stereo again left on at flagpole 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663645

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663646.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663646.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daniel
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 08 Sep 2014 23:49:49 +0000 
but look she look 18 very interesting pers 
Daniel siad 
On 9 Sep 2014, at 01:23, "jeffrey E." <jea®gmail.com> wrote: 
age? 
On Mon, Sep 8, 2014 at 7:20 PM, Daniel < 
> wrote: 
And she cooler then 
Daniel siad 
On 27 Aug 2014, at 14:52, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
999 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00663646
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663647

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663648.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663648.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joi Ito
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 29 Aug 2014 00:30:11 +0000 
He wants to fund my genius idea I think. One key thing is whether you're still interested in matching his grant I 
guess... but any ideas on how to work with him would be great. I think we have some fraction - submitting a 
proposal soon to him. 
On Aug 28, 2014, at 19:21 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> im having a long call with bamaby tomor w, anything you woudl like me to cover 
> --
> please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
EFTA00663648

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663649.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Martin B. O'Connor II" <I 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 11 Sep 2014 03:51:23 +0000 
ive 
obile in am after 11 
Will update you 
es 
Martin B. O'Connor, ii, Esq. 
O'Connor, Morss & O'Connor, P.C. 
P.O. Box 979 
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07207 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Wednesday, September 10, 2014 10:05 PM 
To: Martin B. O'Connor II 
Subject: 
99??9990 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663649

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663650.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 11 Sep 2014 03:56:17 +0000 
Shall I go to the flower market in the morning to replace the large vase that was on buffet table, and if yes, can I 
have Jojo collect me, 
And do you have a preference for type? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663650

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663651.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: soon yi previn
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 08 Sep 2014 23:54:50 +0000 
What time is good for you? 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone 9 
On Sep 8, 2014, at 7:54 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
yup of course, looking forward to it 
On Mon, Sep 8, 2014 at 7:44 PM, soon yi previn < 
> wrote: 
I haven't heard from you. Can you please confirm that Saturday is good for you? I assume you meant dinner 
on Saturday is that correct? 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone 
On Sep 5, 2014, at 5:56 PM, "soon yi previn" < 
> wrote: 
Yes, Woody will be editing the week of the eighth. If you thought it was boring watching him shoot, editing 
is even worse, but enjoy. Saturday is good for us. What did you have in mind? ;) 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone 
On Sep 5, 2014, at 1:21 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
will woody be editing the week of the 8th? he kindly said i could sit and watch for a short while. what is 
your schedule this week, ? tues fri sat? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663651
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663652

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663653.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: "Jeffrey E." 
Date: Mon, 18 Aug 2014 13:09:52 +0000 
Just talked to him so it's all good. Thank you for getting back to me!let me know when you are around 
Thank you again didn't want to bother you 
EFTA00663653

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663654.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663654.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: "Jeffrey E."<jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 29 Aug 2014 00:47:37 +0000 
She hasnt answered her phone yet tonight. I will try again first thing in a.m. She will ask who will be 
coming. What do you want me to tell her? 
Connected by DROlD on Verizon Wireless 
 Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." <*eevacation a mail.com> 
To: paul prosperi 
Sent: Thu, Aug 28, 2014 23:50:38 GMT+00:00 
Subject: 
ask chris condon if she is showing celine dions Jupiter isalnd house. maybde sunday? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663654

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663655.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." -4 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 28 Aug 2014 17:07:52 +0000 
[=. 
Moshe invited me to attend his classes...may I go to some? 
I want to learn about blogging...what is tthe best way to do it, online? 
BP and Jonathan T gave me similar dates for september. whoops. 
BP is being very attentive since his friend Eric (who lives in NYC) won't leave me alone. 
On Thu, Aug 28, 2014 at 10:20 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> wrote: 
News? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663655

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663656.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Bamaby Marsh <1 
To: "jeffrey E." leevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 08 Sep 2014 23:55:29 +0000 
Good to see you and regrets for lack of sleep on this end!!!! 
On Monday, September 8, 2014, Bamaby Marsh 
In traffic, be there ASAP 
> wrote: 
On Monday, September 8, 2014, Bamaby Marsh 
> wrote: 
Yes, I could do after 6- lets do it... 
On Mon, Sep 8, 2014 at 7:23 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lots to follow up. im only free after 6. is that too late. or we can do tomorw. 
On Mon, Sep 8, 2014 at 7:14 AM, Bamaby Marsh 
> wrote: 
I'm going to do my research and give this a shot.... 
Yesterday fun- thanks 
ps- will be back in NYC this afternoon around 4pm, if you want to follow up on anything... 
On Mon, Sep 8, 2014 at 7:03 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
macarthur board does not look too bad 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00663656
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663657

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663658.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 08 Sep 2014 23:58:54 +0000 
Yay! Could I see you on Thursday this week? 
On Monday, September 8, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Yes 
On Mon, Sep 8, 2014 at 5:21 PM, 
Hi snaeky dog ! Have you back yet? 
Sincere 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Sincereir 
> wrote: 
EFTA00663658

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663659.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 29 Aug 2014 01:47:52 +0000 
Hello Jeffrey! No..but I'll be on the 1st of September in NYC and going to meet with one guy who propose me a 
work before I left to California. Will see. How is your vacation? 
am: 2014 r., a 15:15, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> Hanuca.ii(a): 
have you found a solution to stay? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663659

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663660.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ramsey elkholy • 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 09 Sep 2014 00:15:42 +0000 
You too...yes I think so will touch base tomorrow, 4:30 ok? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 8, 2014, at 7:54 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
nice seeing you, is your friend going go come tomorw? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663660

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663661.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joi Ito
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 22 Aug 2014 14:30:03 +0000 
Noon Saturday. 
On Aug 22, 2014, at 09:42 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> what time do you get back to boston 
> --
> please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in en-or, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
EFTA00663661

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663662.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 09 Sep 2014 01:02:29 +0000 
just wanted to say that i love you 
I'm sorry i dropped off in the conversation 
a month ago when you sent me that email 
about me never asking you for anything again 
it's not really about me asking you for things 
it was really about how I could find intersections 
where our lives could connect and we could 
prosper. you just happen to have a shit load more. 
i just felt really hurt and disappointed. it still doesn't 
make sense to me but I'm content to be discontent 
with it now. can't keep on pushing along a track that 
doesn't see to want to be. even though we're living separate 
lives its remarkable how much i still dream about you 
(don't worry its not always good) and the other evening 
i woke bolt up right and thought what if jeffrey now thinks I only 
care for him because of all his fancy. so just to set the record straight 
that's crap, you're my true love and I only hope that one day i am blessed 
enough to find that again. 
EFTA00663662

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663663.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "a 
<IMMIn 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Apr 2009 11:43:45 +0000 
Have heard nada igive up 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 18, 2009, at 7:38 PM, 
wrote: 
> Good idea--it will take something GRAND, as I surmise it took 
> exactly 22 seconds after I left for her to resume her Princess 
> status at the likes of Cipriani..why don't we do a major coup--u, 
> me, joe sr, mia, joe jr, and enlighten everyone at the same time..ah 
> well, if life were so simple! 
Original Message 
> From: Jeff Epstein 
> To: Paula blackberry 
> Sent: Apr 18, 2009 2:16 PM 
> Subject: Re: 
> ask her to call re safari 
> On Sat, Apr 18, 2009 at 3:27 PM, c 
<mailto: 
> > > wrote: 
> Sony, that's the one saved in my bb. Try this ona, 
> the old one w 
if that's what I first gave you. I just 
> receive "everything is great" + "love you so much" texts, period. 
> How r you doing? Back to Paris on Wednesday. Let me know of you hear 
> anything... 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Jeff Epstein 
> To: Paula blackberry 
> Sent: Apr 18, 2009 1:05 PM 
> Subject: 
> no word form 
and you gave me the wrong phone number 
> Sent via BlackBeny from T-Mobile 
> Sent via BlackBeny from T-Mobile 
EFTA00663663

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663664.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
`za> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Apr 2009 11:44:48 +0000 
I'm in today 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 19, 2009, at 3:50 AM, PETER MANDELSON 
> wrote: 
> need to talk, feeling confused 
> --- On Thu, 16/4/09, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
>> From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
» Subject: 
» To: "PETER MANDELSON" 
>> Date: Thursday, 16 April, 2009, 11:09 PM 
» now, where are you? 
EFTA00663664

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663665.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:'
 ca 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Apr 2009 11:45:36 +0000 
Detupa meeting tomorrow with him you and tommy 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 20, 2009, at 5:58 AM, 
wrote: 
> What should I do with Andres beside telling him what you have told me 
> Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA00663665

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663666.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Apr 2009 11:46:13 +0000 
Call me 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 18, 2009, at 6:55 PM, 
> wrote: 
u are right...call me shy :)) 
but like this I know I wont get anywhere! 
I might need a little favor... I don't know if i should ask though... 
I need a good dentist here coz my theeth are in bad condition now :( and probably I wont afford to go to a good 
one if I ask the agency... 
On Apr 18, 2009, at 4:44 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
???? 
On Fri, Apr 17, 2009 at 7:40 AM, Jeevacation leevacation@gmail.corn> wrote: 
If you need help just ask. -how muchwere the papers 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 16, 2009, at 9:36 PM, 
> wrote: 
I've started working....but is slow now, and I've to pay the working papers before I earn something.. :P 
I'll give it a little more time... 
On Apr 16, 2009, at 5:51 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I Are you making money? you can work as a personal assitant for a week if you choose 
EFTA00663666

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663667.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Ma 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Apr 2009 11:47:29 , 0000 
Tv 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 19, 2009, at 4:00 PM,
 wrote: 
> Did u get it on tv or did u watch the DVD I sent I ages ago?? 
> I've been thinking about you. How are you? 
> Sent from my iPod 
> On Apr 16, 2009, at 4:01 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <
Ila> 
> wrote: 
>> saw the documentary form my jail cell„ ironic no 
EFTA00663667

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663668.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Re: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Apr 2009 11:50:30 +0000 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 20, 2009, at 7:48 AM, 
wrote: 
> Will call shortly 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Jeevacation 
> To: 
> Subject: Re: Re: 
> Sent: 20 Apr 2009 12:44 
> Pm in today 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> On Apr 19, 2009, at 3:50 AM, PETER MANDELSON 
» wrote: 
>> 
>> need to talk, feeling confused 
>> 
>> --- On Thu, 16/4/09, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
>» From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
>» Subject: 
>» To: "PETER MANDELSON" 
>>> Date: Thursday, 16 April, 2009, 11:09 PM 
>» now, where are you? 
> Sent from my BlackBeny® wireless device 
EFTA00663668

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663669.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Rich Kahn <1 
Subject: Re: resume 
Date: Mon, 20 Apr 2009 17:30:02 +0000 
Darren have him give a sworn statement to chet. Asap 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 20, 2009, at 1:19 PM, "Rich Kahn"
Just spoke with Dan Hackman and he told me the following: 
wrote: 
His two bosses are two young crazy guys who live on the edge 
He started with company 14 months ago hoping to change them 
His 14 months with the company was more than the previous 3 employees in his role 
Each of them were accused of stealing and he is concerned that they will make the same accusations against him 
He was very uncomfortable in his role as they had him supplying information to banks for loans that he deemed 
improper 
We are one of many customers who are currently in a lawsuit with them 
He then went on to tell me about his experience which you can see in his attached resume 
He concluded by saying that we have no chance of losing lawsuit if it goes to court and he is on our side 
Please advise 
Rich Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
PO Box 400 
New York, NY 10150 
EFTA00663669
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Dan Hackman [mailto:danhackmanebellsouth.net]
Sent: Monday, April 20, 2009 11:46 AM 
To: Rich Kahn 
Subject: resume 
Rich, 
Thanks again. 
Dan Hackman 
<Hackman.doc> 
EFTA00663670

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663671.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663671.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Alireza Ittihadieh 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 25 Feb 2017 15:04:20 +0000 
Who's Essex 
V-BR 
Alireza ITTIHADIEH 
On 25 Feb 2017, at 07:58, jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
essex told leon that 5176 was still on market , i told him to bid on the 650 . gulfstream has one. at 47 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeia®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663671

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663672.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: photos 
Date: Tue, 21 Apr 2009 11:55:40 +0000 
You look great 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 20, 2009, at 6:14 PM, 
wrote: 
> did you get them? 
EFTA00663672

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663673.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663673.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.eom> 
To: Dana < 
Subject: Re: Palm Beach 
Date: Tue, 21 Apr 2009 11:57:40 +0000 
Talk to Sarah , if the weather is nice do you want to spend Sunday with kenn in the sun. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 20, 2009, at 2:28 PM, "Dana" < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Should I go ahead and book a flight for Palm Beach on Monday morning? Or do you prefer I fly in late Sunday to 
be in first thing Monday? 
Also, I wanted to ask you about where I'll be staying.... 
Thanks, 
Dana 
EFTA00663673

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663674.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 11 Jan 2017 11:41:16 +0000 
please advise on amount to send and entity to pay 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Jan 10, 2017, at 2:07 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Forwarded messa e 
From 
Date: ue, an 
, 2017 at 8:47 AM 
Subject: Re: 
To: "jeffrey E." 
Hello Jeffrey, 
Yes, it's correct name, i am sending more details in case if You need it: 
UAB Fors projektai 
c.c. 302710977 
VAT LT100006777816 
Teatro st.9B-19, 03107 Vilnius, Lithuania 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 10 Jan 2017, at 15:01, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
EFTA00663674
--- PAGE 2 ---
if a check is sent to what name . FORS PROJECT? 
On Sun, Jan 8, 2017 at 3:04 PM
 wrote: 
company name is 
UAB Fors projektai 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 8 Jan 2017, at 21:29, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what is the name of the company that you and your husband are using for the events 
On Sun, Jan 8, 2017 at 1:16 PM, 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey thank You very much for your time! We are impressed of Your appearance...and this board 
behind You full of mathematical formulas it's so charming, it's so YOU... Jeffrey, you look and you 
sound amazing! 
It was a great gift to see you and to talk to you again after these years!!! 
I really hope to spend some time with you again! 
Kisses 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00663675
--- PAGE 3 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663676

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663677.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: hi 
Date: Wed, 22 Apr 2009 11:45:33 +0000 
You should make a final decision soon before nature kicks 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 21, 2009, at 11:20 PM, 
> wrote: 
> Hi Jeffrey, 
> I'm sorry that I missed your call today. 
give you a ca wen 
> I get back. I hope you are well and are getting good naps in during 
> the day. 
EFTA00663677

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663678.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "Dr. Henry Jarecki"  
Subject: Re: RE: 
Date: Wed, 22 Apr 2009 11:58:36 +0000 
Quality is not a mere matter of opinion 1 
my point only is that the quality Is simply not there your definition 
of scholar is so broad -that it includes all teachers - all researches - all people that publish my only real beef is 
that there are no real standards of excellence -yes they all have need and yes the color of mackerel might be 
relevant to a small group of people however I would bet that on any measure of quality of originality. 
Competence insight what I have read so far is hardly in the top 10 percent of anyones necessities 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 21, 2009, at 12:28 PM, "Dr. Henry Jarecki"  
> wrote: 
Since I am fond of you, I will not comment in an ad hominem way. You 
believe (erroneously) that scientific knowledge happens in giant bites and 
high significance and is identifiable from a distance. I believe it happens in 
small pieces, a bit at a time. I am as we speak, in a scientific advisory 
board meeting where the bites they are discussing are far smaller than the 
effect of storage on mackerel, a matter of urgency to farmers, grocers, 
housewives, economists, all of whom will use it for their benefit and some of 
whom will use it as further stepping stones to more ideas and studies. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacS rtgalom 
Sent: Tuesday, April 21, 09 12:20 
To: Dr. Henry Jarecki 
Subject: 
I guess you did n;t read what was sent.. An example of the world class ( not merely chatty dinner 
companions ) work. thousands upon thousand s of this quality work can be found on the web everday... THis 
looks worse than the earmarks for Leahys district .1 THe effect of storage on color and texure of mackerel 
2.gay and bisexual men in kampala. 3, supression of Tamil women narratives in sri lanka 3.science 
librarianship in africa 4. book review by alphonse maindo 5. threats and challeges to the state of israel.. 6. the 
silence of the sufi 7. 
The information contained in this message, and any attachment, is intended only 
for the intended recipient(s). It may contain confidential, privileged or 
proprietary information. If you are not the intended recipient, you are not 
EFTA00663678
--- PAGE 2 ---
authorized to review, copy or distribute this message. If you receive this 
message in error, please notify the sender by reply email and delete this 
message. Thank you. 
EFTA00663679

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663680.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 1" .11.1r> 
Date: Wed, 22 Apr 2009 12:00:18 +0000 
Where are we with the e mail project ---I want this done 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663680

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663681.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Sun, 12 Mar 2017 02:52:10 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_9033.JPG 
years ago!!! 
Sent from my iPhonegi 
EFTA00663681

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663682.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Subject: Re: So 
Date: Wed, 22 Apr 2009 18:28:29 +0000 
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
ca 
Yes 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 22, 2009, at 1:14 PM, 
wrote: 
> Now can I come home? ;-) 
> 
> <photo.jpg> 
> 
> Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663682

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663683.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
cla
>
To: 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 23 Apr 2009 12:04:27 +0000 
Terrific 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 23, 2009, at 5:30 AM, 
<II
> wrote: 
> sending you some pics, sorry for delay 
> <face.jpg> 
> <face 6.jpg> 
> <french.jpg> 
> <Diva 1.jpg> 
> <Vogue Ftjpg> 
> <Vogue France 8.jpg> 
> <pols face.jpg> 
EFTA00663683

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663684.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:
Subject: Re: your mail 
Date: Fri, 24 Apr 2009 11:42:49 +0000 
When are you coming 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 24, 2009, at 6:09 AM, 
<l
a> 
wrote: 
> Hello Jeffrey, 
> How are you? 
> Pm already at work( 
> in my univercity I pass all exams it was really difficult! ( 
>> are you back at work yet?// did you have fun? 
EFTA00663684

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663685.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:'
"C
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Sat, 25 Apr 2009 11:43:12 +0000 
Hope to see you 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 25, 2009, at 1:07 AM, 
I am in china I will be in the US 2nd week of may 
Sent from my BlacicBerry® wireless device 
wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Fri, 24 Apr 2009 11:36:38 -0400 
To: <I 
Subject: 
where are you? are you ok 
I loved the torture video 
EFTA00663685

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663686.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "Dr. Henry Jarecki"  
Subject: Re: RE: 
Date: Mon, 27 Apr 2009 11:51:31 +0000 
??'?? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 26, 2009, at 10:16 PM, "Dr. Henry Jarecki" 
Saad ibrahim. Ttm 
wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacatior@gnaln 
Sent: Thursday, April 23, 09 17:03 
To: Dr. Henry Jarecki 
Subject: 
you have also yet to provide an example of how you have shamed a government into changing its views. 
The information contained in this message, and any attachment, is intended only 
for the intended recipient(s). It may contain confidential, privileged or 
proprietary information. If you are not the intended recipient, you are not 
authorized to review, copy or distribute this message. If you receive this 
message in error, please notify the sender by reply email and delete this 
message. Thank you. 
EFTA00663686

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663687.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Gmax
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 27 Apr 2009 19:13:31 +0000 
What is wrong with the results 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 27, 2009, at 1:19 PM, "Gmax"  
 wrote: 
The a/c guy is going to apt Wednesday and I will speak to him then on site 
About the horse. Sloan says she has never seen results like that and that's scary and she was national hunt champion for yrs. She says that 
the horse business is criminal that the mid range horse like this one is being killed and that that is a lot of money for a first horse and you 
a surely being ripped off. You need to hire a pro (she gave me the name and is going to send me th no. ) Of a trainer who can come and 
evaluate the horse and the rider - cost 2500 just for that! I will be coming to be in the next 3 weeks so can go and look myself and be 
involved and meet the guy Sloan recommends so she won't get ripped off by him too.. 
Sent using BlackBerry 
EFTA00663687

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663688.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Gmax 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Tue, 28 Apr 2009 11:51:14 +0000 
Doug at 200k yes -Mat 55 - no. -she us 100%loyal to you - I pay her rent----M is 80-HHHF 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 27, 2009, at 7:05 PM, "Ginn" < 
> wrote: 
You sd everyone was over paid.... 
Sent using BlackBerry 
--- Original Message ----
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
To: °max 
Sent: Mon Apr 27 19:00:53 2009 
Subject: 
do you realize that■ is paid less than everyone else /// 
EFTA00663688

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663689.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation jecvacation®gmail.com - 
To: " 
Date: Tue, 28 Apr 2009 12:06:12 +0000 
119 request ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663689

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663690.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Gmax •rz 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Tue, 28 Apr 2009 12:08:32 +0000 
Where are you? Re minder I also stick up for you 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 27, 2009, at 7:04 PM, "Gmax"
I didn't cut her salary 10 percent...stop causing trouble.. 
Sent using BlackBerry 
--- Original Message ----
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
To: °max 
Sent: Mon Apr 27 19:00:53 2009 
Subject: 
do you realize that
 is paid less than everyone else /// 
wrote: 
EFTA00663690

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663691.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Brice Gordon
Subject: Re: Landscape Designer 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 11:44:58 +0000 
Ok 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 28, 2009, at 10:58 PM, "Brice Gordon" < 
To: JEE 
> wrote: 
Requesting approval for a Landscape designer from Mentor Technical Group, Puerto Rico, to visit LSJ to 
review the scope of work. 
A proposal would then be forwarded for your review. 
Cost: Air Fare $300.00 
For your consideration 
Brice NI Gordon 
EFTA00663691

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663692.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To:
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 11:50:53 +0000 
Are you ok 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 29, 2009, at 1:28 Ala
.:
Ella> 
wrote: 
> missing you! kiss 
EFTA00663692

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663693.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: jean luc 
Subject: Fwd: Re: 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 11:55:44 +0000 
Coordinate with nanny 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: April 28, 2009 6:13:25 AM EDT 
To: Jeffrey Epstein
Subject: Re: 
Reply-To: 
=a> 
...are coming soon, I'm working on this 
Kisses 
EFTA00663693

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663694.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Hello 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 11:56:30 +0000 
Talk tc= 
re pick up by mojo 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 28, 2009, at 11:49 PM, 
wrote: 
> I am sorry to have missed you on Skype. 
> I am leaving for NYC tomorrow AM and am so excited! Thank you. I 
> wish you were going to be there. Huge hug. 
EFTA00663694

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663695.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:' 
a=a
>
Subject: Re: IMG00474.jpg 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 11:57:25 +0000 
Next month ---phantom of the opera 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 28, 2009, at 9:56 PM, 
> Was amazing!!! 
> Couldn't be more happy!!! 
> Thank you!! 
> Sent via BlackBeny from T-Mobile 
> <IMG00474.jpg> 
wrote: 
EFTA00663695

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663696.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.coin> 
T. an=
 Emim
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 12:00:46 +0000 
All the e mails are on the iPhone 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663696

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663697.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Brice Gordon
Subject: Re: Meeting 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 12:02:51 +0000 
315 office 
Today 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 28, 2009, at 10:44 PM, "Brice Gordon" < 
> wrote: 
To: JEE 
As discussed Karen and I will be in PSI Tomorrow 29th April, 2009. Would it be possible to meet with you that 
afternoon or Thursday afternoon. I have arranged a meeting with Mark Brady (Airspan) at 10 am Thursday, in 
Ft Lauderdale. 
regards 
Brice M Gordon 
EFTA00663697

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663698.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Gmax 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 17:45:42 +0000 
Yes 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 29, 2009, at 1:42 PM, "Orlin" 
Does it help you to have 
and 19 may? 
Sent using BlackBerry 
> wrote: 
EFTA00663698

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663699.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 18:29:31 +0000 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 29, 2009, at 1:51 PM 
would like to talk to you....is that possible? 
> wrote: 
See all the ways you can stay connected to friends and family 
EFTA00663699

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663700.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Ben Goertzel 
Subject: Re: brief update, and question: Interested to fund the video recording and editing of the AGI 
Summer School lectures, for $2K? 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 11:48:50 +0000 
Yes 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 29, 2009, at 6:57 PM, Ben Goertzel 
wrote: 
> Hi Jeffrey, 
> Quick financial update: I've sorted out how to cover my own expenses 
> thru mid-July, via the investment Novamente received. 
> I've been carrying on with the mathematical formalization stuff I've 
> been doing for the last couple months. 
> But the main topic of this email is: For 3 weeks in June/July I'll be 
> leading the world's first AGI Summer School, which will be in Xiamen, 
> China 
> http://www.goertzel.org/AGI_Summer School_2009.htm 
> As with pretty much every such endeavor in the current economy, 
> funding is rather tight. We're right at the point where tuition from 
> students will match stipends to faculty (and note that my own stipend 
> will be covering my expenses for a couple weeks). 
> Some of the lectures are quite general in scope, and about 1/3 of them 
> are fairly specific to my OpenCog project. There will be 7 
> international faculty giving the lectures, including me. 
> I'd like to have the lectures effectively recorded and edited and 
> placed online, so as to educate folks who can't make it to China this 
> summer. 
> I don't trust the Chinese university to do this ... to make a long 
> story short, they have a special Chinese way of screwing things up. I 
> found someone (Raj Dye) who is enthused to record and edit the 
> lectures for free, but I need $2000 to cover his airfare and room and 
> board. Question is whether you're interested to donate $2K to the 
> summer school for this purpose. 
> -- Ben 
EFTA00663700
--- PAGE 2 ---
> 
> 
> --
> Ben Goertzel, PhD 
> CEO, Novamente LLC and Biomind LLC 
> Director of Research, SIAI 
> 
> 
> Critical threshold: Being generally intelligent enough to be 
> disappointed by one's own lack of general intelligence 
EFTA00663701

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663702.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Rich Kahn 
Subject: Fwd: brief update, and question: Interested to fund the video recording and editing of the AGI 
Summer School lectures, for $2K? 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 12:00:28 +0000 
cMS 
Send 5k 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Ben Goertzel  
Date: April 30, 2009 7:52:01 AM EDT 
To: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Subject: Re: brief update, and question: Interested to fund the video recording and editing of the ACI 
Summer School lectures, for $2K? 
Mechanically: a check for $2K should be sent to the Singularity 
Institute for AI (a nonprofit), at my home address... 
Ben Goertzel 
1405 Bemerd Place 
Rockville MD 
20851 
Eager of course to reconnect on deeper issues when you have time... 
ben 
On Thu, Apr 30, 2009 at 7:51 AM, Ben Goertzel 
wrote: 
Great, thanks! 
On Wed, Apr 29, 2009 at 7:48 AM, Jeevacation lea®gmail.coin>
 wrote: 
Yes 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 29, 2009, at 6:57 PM, Ben Goertzel < 
wrote: 
EFTA00663702
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hi Jeffrey, 
Quick financial update: I've sorted out how to cover my own expenses 
thru mid-July, via the investment Novamente received. 
I've been carrying on with the mathematical formalization stuff I've 
been doing for the last couple months. 
But the main topic of this email is: For 3 weeks in June/July I'll be 
leading the world's first AGI Summer School, which will be in Xiamen, 
China 
http://www.goertzel.org/AGI Summer School 2009.htm 
As with pretty much every such endeavor in the current economy, 
funding is rather tight. We're right at the point where tuition from 
students will match stipends to faculty (and note that my own stipend 
will be covering my expenses for a couple weeks). 
Some of the lectures are quite general in scope, and about 1/3 of them 
are fairly specific to my OpenCog project. There will be 7 
international faculty giving the lectures, including me. 
I'd like to have the lectures effectively recorded and edited and 
placed online, so as to educate folks who can't make it to China this 
summer. 
I don't trust the Chinese university to do this ... to make a long 
story short, they have a special Chinese way of screwing things up. I 
EFTA00663703
--- PAGE 3 ---
found someone (Raj Dye) who is enthused to record and edit the 
lectures for free, but I need $2000 to cover his airfare and room and 
board. Question is whether you're interested to donate $2K to the 
summer school for this purpose. 
-- Ben 
Ben Goertzel, PhD 
CEO, Novamente LLC and Biomind LLC 
Director of Research, SIAI 
Critical threshold: Being generally intelligent enough to be 
disappointed by one's own lack of general intelligence 
Ben Goertzel, PhD 
CEO, Novamente LLC and Biomind LLC 
Director of Research, SIAI 
EFTA00663704
--- PAGE 4 ---
Critical threshold: Being generally intelligent enough to be 
disappointed by one's own lack of general intelligence 
Ben Goertzel, PhD 
CEO, Novamente LLC and Biomind LLC 
Director of Research, SIAI 
Critical threshold: Being generally intelligent enough to be 
disappointed by one's own lack of general intelligence 
EFTA00663705

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663706.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation jeevacation(r6zmail.com - 
To: ' 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 12:06:36 +0000 
Please download some music to iPhone 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663706

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663707.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: me again 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 12:07:00 +0000 
You are beautiful 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 29, 2009, at 4:25 PM, 
> Not sure if you are still on FB, here are some pics. 
> Kisses 
wrote: 
> <3109_553359271785_36407829_33295727_2970355_njpg> 
> <3109_553359261805_36407829_33295725_7031687_njpg> 
> <3109_553359256815_36407829_33295724_184931_njpg> 
> <3109_553358263805_36407829_33295713_1043428_njpg> 
> <3109_553358248835_36407829_33295710_5549741_njpg> 
> <3109_553358243845_36407829_33295709_5753603_njpg> 
> <3109_553357575185_36407829_33295708_844462_njpg> 
> <3109_553357570195_36407829_33295707_7310866_njpg> 
> <3109_553349117135_36407829_33295664_2037651_n.jpg> 
> <3109_553349112145_36407829_33295663_6165071_n.jpg> 
> <3109_553349102165_36407829_33295662_4816154_njpg> 
> <3109_553349082205_36407829_33295658_7604316_njpg> 
EFTA00663707

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663708.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 12:07:59 +0000 
Do you have any castings next week 
Sent from my iPhone 
On A r 29, 2009 at 4:08 PM, 
wrote: 
> have a nice day! 
> cant wait to see you! 
> photo from the central park on saturday 
> kisses 
EFTA00663708

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663709.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
`1 
> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 12:10:21 +0000 
Pm fine -can't wait to see you 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 29, 2009, at 1:27 PM, 
< 
> wrote: 
To merry rich russian and buy him BMW...)) 
No, he is actually very much intimidated even talk to me, he think, that i am very independent for my own 
goods) 
How are you doing? 
On 4/29/09, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I what does your father think you should do? 
EFTA00663709

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663710.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Jes Staley
Subject: Re: Fw: 
Date: Thu, 30 Apr 2009 11:41:53 +0000 
Of course. It is set up to measure gravity waves 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 30, 2009, at 8:28 PM, Jes Staley
Have you heard of this project? 
Jes 
wrote: 
From: Alexa N. Staley <astaley(abowdoin.edu>
To: Jes Staley 
Sent: Thu Apr 30 15:15:55 2009 
Subject: 
LIGO (Laser Interferometer Gravitational Wave Observatory) 
httplAwAv.ligo.caltech.edu/ 
Gabriela Gonzalez is the lady baumgarte knows 
this is a more recent project that is similar: 
http://lisa.nasa.gov/
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal 
privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://www.j morgan.com/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA00663710

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663711.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ' 
' < 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Thu, 30 Apr 2009 11:50:35 +0000 
If you want to work answering phones for three days I will pay your dentist - if so talk to 
- she is here in 
Florida 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 30, 2009, at 8:40 PM, 
wrote: 
Why do u say I'm teriffic? I didn't ask him to send u the bill! If you don't feel like helping me with this,I'll find 
a solution! I'll run in Romania :)) :)) :)) 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Thu, 30 A r 2009 18:06:52 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
I am confused... did you tell him that you couldn't pay. , before he started the work/? did he tell you how much 
it would cost.. what would you like me to do ? I think you are terrific, why did he send me the bill? you need 
to find out how mcuh it will cost to fix.. romainain dentists are the problem not the cure 
On Thu, Apr 30, 2009 at 5:42 PM, < 
> wrote: 
Unfortunatlly at the time being I can't afford to pay him... :( I didn't know it was that expensive... 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Thu, 30 A r 2009 17:31:52 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
are you going to pay his bill ?„ how much did he say it would cost to finish to job,,, I don't understand. 
On Thu, Apr 30, 2009 at 5:12 PM, cl 
> wrote: 
It is..I got really scared of what he told me yesterday... That is a huge mess with all my teeth,cavities on all 
of them,and if he doesn't change the surface now,in 3 years will have to put fake theeth! :( 
Is too expensive here so I'de better have them done in Romania coz is much cheaper! The ones he did 
yesterday were really damaged and it was painfull for me! 
So I'll cancel my next appointment... 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Thu, 30 Apr 2009 12:49:02 -0400 
EFTA00663711
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: 
Subject: 
is this you,,, ?? it is quite a lot of money 
EFTA00663712

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663713.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "IMMI
" ca 
Date: Thu, 30 Apr 2009 11:51:03 +0000 
Have not heard from you or miasha 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663713

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663714.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Curtis Royston <M=Ia> 
Date: Thu, 30 Apr 2009 11:51:51 +0000 
Pops garden? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663714

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663715.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Curtis Royston <M=Ia> 
Date: Thu, 30 Apr 2009 12:08:35 +0000 
Please detail for me what doug Charles and bill roeles are doing -in 
addition please make sure that sylvina Is talking to hadab Kahn 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663715

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663716.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 30 Apr 2009 16:50:40 +0000 
Perfect 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May I, 2009, at 12:48 PM, 
Hey Jeffrey, 
wrote: 
Just checked with a couple of schools. Ill be able to learn over there with my permit. =) 
xx. 
Join 
 FREE! Meet Christian Singles in your area. Start now! 
EFTA00663716

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663717.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation®gmail.com> 
To: miasha fisher
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Fri, 01 May 2009 00:09:25 +0000 
Call tomorrow 5613660084 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May I, 2009, at 6:33 PM, miasha fisher < 
Dear Jeff, 
> wrote: 
So sorry For the Late response , I just checked my email now. I am currently with out a phone because it broke 
four days Ago and I had to order a new one from the office.I Sent Peggy an email confirming that I could go in 
August. Also, the week Mom told me this trip was serious which was about two weeks ago, I left two 
messages for Mattie Siegal. The best way to reach me is email , and I can check it everyday. 
Thank you very much 
Miasha 
On Mon, Apr 27, 2009 at 6:39 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
call me when you get back„ 561 366 0084 
EFTA00663717

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663718.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation < 
To: Eman Moss 
Subject: Re: The Story of 998 Bricks 
Date: Fri, 01 May 2009 00:09:44 +0000 
I hope you are well 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May I, 2009, at 7:22 PM, Eman Moss 
wrote: 
I have a lot of gratitude for Ajahn Brahm, a meditation master in Perth, Australia. Here is a story from his days 
as a young monk. 
After about eight years practicing in the forests of Thailand, his teacher Ajahn Chah sent him to start a 
monastery in Australia. Since hired workers were very expensive there, the monks themselves had to learn to 
lay bricks. 
Ajahn Brahm's Cambridge education had taught him no such skills! Nevertheless he took to the task with great 
enthusiasm. He decided he would approach the task of laying bricks as though it was a meditation. So with 
great diligence and care, Ajahn Brahm set each and every brick. 
Ask any brick layer, this is not as easy as it seems! The ability to evenly balance bricks in mortar takes slow 
and careful labor. After several days of careful work, Ajahn Brahm stood back to admire his work. He was 
horrified: there were two crooked bricks! 
"How can I ever be enlightened if I can't even make a simple wall properly?" he thought. So he pleaded with 
the Abbot, could he break the wall and start again? Could he atleast grind the bricks so they look even with the 
others? He was denied permission and told that the wall was good enough. There were other important projects 
to work on. 
However "good enough" wasn't what Ajahn Brahm wanted. For several months whenever he passed the wall he 
inwardly berated his poor workmanship. It reminded him of all his previous failures and all the imperfections 
in his life. 
Then one day, a visitor came and Ajahn was asked to show him around the monastery. Usually, out of 
embarassment Ajahn Brahm avoided taking people past the wall he had built. Some how on this day they 
happened to walk past that wall. As they were walking the visitor sponatneously remarked "mats a fine wall. 
Did you make it?" 
Ajahn Brahm was stunned. "Sir, have you left your glasses at home? Can't you see those two crooked bricks?" 
he asked. 
"Yes I can," smiled the visitor, "but I can also see the 998 good ones." 
This simple statement changed Ajahn Brahm's life. He realized that his whole life he had been focusing on 
what was WRONG, what was MISSING, what was IMPERFECT in his life. Nothing he did was ever good 
enough! In his anxiety about the two bad bricks, he had failed to notice the 998 good bricks that he had set 
perfectly despite having no prior experience in brick work! 
His whole outlook changed from blaming and complaining to one of acceptance and gratitude. 
EFTA00663718
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ajahn Brahm often reminds his students not to take themselves too seriously in life and on the spiritual journey. 
His talks are filled with joy and humour. And while people are laughing, he pops a wisdom pill into their open 
mouths! 
How many times in life do we see only the bad bricks, the flaws in ourselves and our life? Doesn't everyone 
have something in their life that is a little "crooked"? If we continously focus only on whats WRONG in our 
life thats all we'll see and we are sure to suffer. Is it possible that there are also 998 good bricks, or blessings in 
our life? Is it possible that 99.8% of our life is already blessed and the remaining 0.2% is essential to help us 
grow? 
Contrary to what our education system teaches us, in life, whoever makes the most mistakes wins! It is usually 
the people who make the most mistakes and learn from them who are the most successful and wise, not those 
who never ventured forth for fear of failure. 
Condemning ourselves for our mistakes leads to guilt and guilt eventually leads to self condemnation. Ajahn 
Brahm says he sees far too much condemnation of others' actions "So I can't judge, I can only offer 
understanding." His words and his delightful stories continue to draw listeners from around the world. 
What is a practical way we can move our attention from the bad bricks to the good bricks? Try this process: 
(1) List the top 10 things you DON'T want in your life experience 
(2) List 10 things you DO want (opposite of 1) 
(3) List the FEELINGS you'd experience if these 10 things were already true for you. Everyday spend 
sometime FEELING that you already have these 10 things 
(5) List 10 immediate action steps you can take 
(6) Replace any doubts/anxieties with love/gratitude. 
EFTA00663719

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663720.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:'
Subject: Re: Re: Re: 
Date: Fri, 01 May 2009 00:34:34 +0000 
You were going to take care of .... You didn't ,,,,,, you 
didn't ...you didn't 
What should I say ,you do not to what I ask and then say tellme 
something else to do so that I may add it to the list of what I will 
not do. That seems odd 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May I, 2009, at 4:45 PM, 
wrote: 
> Ok. I am not going to argue with you. 
> I tried house, breakfast, girls, then you said you didn't want 
> anything. So now I am doing flying and typing. You are not happy 
> with what I do and refuse to tell me what you want. Do YOU even know 
> what it is? 
> Sent via BlackBeny by AT&T 
> 
Original Messa e 
> From: Jeevacation 
> Date: Thu 30 
r 2009 14:30:09 
> To: 
> Subject: Re: Re: 
> This is what I mean by you not being helpful. It would have been 
> simple to call this morning and say what should I do. The fact that 
> you have yet to be helpful is always dealt with - you are just trying 
> to start a fight . No concrete response but an attack . I wanted to 
> talk to tins before you saw her so that you could sat these things to 
> her. You have yet to deal with it . Your suggestion about dealing 
> withjMwas typical. -- you have no facts just your perception of 
> what happens at the office but feel you have an answer .I love you --
> why don't you tell me how helpful you have been -or is that also going 
> to be seen ad an attack 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> On May I, 2009, at 1:27 PM, 
wrote: 
>> Jeffrey, It seems to me you are just trying to pick a fight. I know 
>> you are stressed. I asked you about Z 3 times yesterday. You said 
>> we'll play it by ear. I didn't think that meant we couldn't do 
>> anything but wait for you to make up your mind so I scheduled a 
>> lesson. You could have had her any time yesterday or today except 
EFTA00663720
--- PAGE 2 ---
» one hour, 11-12, and even that could have been cancelled if you said 
» that was your preferred time.. 
» I love you. 
Original Message 
» From: JE Vacation 
» To: 
» Sent: May 1, 2009 11:46 AM 
» Subject: 
» I thougth it would have been more helpful had you asked me what 
» times worked for me , as opposed to saying this is what we are doing 
» at 11, now what would you now like to do.. THis is why it is so 
» difficult to give you responsibility„ it is always you ,you , 
» you... you have yet to learn anything that would be helpful to me. 
» Sent via BlackBeny by AT&T 
EFTA00663721

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663722.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation 
To: "E
le
Subject: Re: Re: Re: 
Date: Fri, 01 May 2009 00:38:46 +0000 
The joke about your school is teaching girls to do virtually nothing 
and still get what you want . I agree the enrollment would be high. 
Without your chidish response why don't you simply tell me what it is 
they you think you do . You visit me on sun. And... Just tellme 
onthepjone 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May I, 2009, at 4:45 PM, 
wrote: 
> Ok. I am not going to argue with you. 
> I tried house, breakfast, girls, then you said you didn't want 
> anything. So now I am doing flying and typing. You are not happy 
> with what I do and refuse to tell me what you want. Do YOU even know 
> what it is? 
> Sent via BlackBeny by AT&T 
> 
Original Messa e 
> From: Jeevacation 
> Date: Thu 30 
r 2009 14:30:09 
> To: 
> Subject: Re: Re: 
> This is what I mean by you not being helpful. It would have been 
> simple to call this morning and say what should I do. The fact that 
> you have yet to be helpful is always dealt with - you are just trying 
> to start a fight . No concrete response but an attack . I wanted to 
> talk to tins before you saw her so that you could sat these things to 
> her. You have yet to deal with it . Your suggestion about dealing 
> wit, 
was typical. -- you have no facts just your perception of 
> whathappens at the office but feel you have an answer .I love you --
> why don't you tell me how helpful you have been -or is that also going 
> to be seen ad an attack 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> On May I, 2009, at 1:27 PM, 
wrote: 
>> Jeffrey, It seems to me you are just trying to pick a fight. I know 
>> you are stressed. I asked you about Z 3 times yesterday. You said 
>> we'll play it by ear. I didn't think that meant we couldn't do 
>> anything but wait for you to make up your mind so I scheduled a 
>> lesson. You could have had her any time yesterday or today except 
EFTA00663722
--- PAGE 2 ---
» one hour, 11-12, and even that could have been cancelled if you said 
» that was your preferred time.. 
» I love you. 
Original Message 
» Fro • 
• 
» To: 
» Sent: May 1, 2009 11:46 AM 
» Subject: 
» I thougth it would have been more helpful had you asked me what 
» times worked for me , as opposed to saying this is what we are doing 
» at 11, now what would you now like to do.. THis is why it is so 
» difficult to give you responsibility„ it is always you ,you , 
» you... you have yet to learn anything that would be helpful to me. 
» Sent via BlackBeny by AT&T 
EFTA00663723

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663724.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Flagpole 
Date: Mon, 22 May 2017 18:43:16 +0000 
Inline-Images: image4.JPG; IMG_6295.JPG; IMG_6297.JPG; IMG_6298.JPG; imagel.JPG; image2.JPG 
The blue carpet in the Flagpole pool have 4 solid rust squares. Would you like us to leave it? 
Ann R.2 
EFTA00663724

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663725.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jabor Y."
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 26 Feb 2017 09:21:42 +0000 
Thursday will be in London, Barcelona for 2 days and then to Marrakech. 
On Sat, Feb 25, 2017 at 7:07 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
when marrakesh 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663725

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663726.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: La 
Date: Sun, 26 Feb 2017 07:44:16 +0000 
Hey jeffrey, I am sorry to bother you but I am having a problem here. The friend of my friend who is hosting us 
in bel air said we need to leave the house Tomorrow because he has to go to San Francisco for business. I don't 
understand if he got tired of pia or what but I don't know where to sleep tomorrow . I am in shock of the situation 
I don't understand what happened. Can I call lesley to change my ticket for tomorrow night or Monday/ 
Tuesday? I am sorry for the short notice. 
EFTA00663726

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663727.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: Document 
Date: Mon, 22 May 2017 18:20:38 +0000 
Hi there, 
Elkhonon Goldberg ( 
invited you to view 
the file 2017 RCKD Deposit.pdf' on Dropbox. 
View file 
Enjoy! 
The Dropbox team 
Elkhonon Goldberg, Ph.D., ABPP-CN 
Clinical Professor of Neurology 
NYU School of Medicine 
315 West 57th Street, Ste 401 
New York, NY 10019, USA 
Tel +1 212 541 6412 
Fax +1 212 246 8916 
www.elkhonongoldberg.com 
EFTA00663727

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663728.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "John P. Woods" 
To: mjeffrey E."' <jee 
• 
• 
Cc: "'Richard Kahn"' 
Subject: FW: LSJ Shop Buildings 
Date: Tue, 06 Jun 2017 21:02:47 +0000 
Attachments: Buck_Steel_Quote_BS15229.pdf 
Jeffrey, 
FYI. The three Bidders that are proposing on the shop buildings are Custom 
Builders, Apex Construction, and Balbo Construction. All are very reputable 
Contractors that have built many substantial projects in the Virgin Islands 
for the past thirty plus years. The Bid date is June 9. Drawings were 
distributed to each several weeks ago. 
JPW 
Original Message 
From: John P. Woods 
Sent; 
To: ' 
CONSTRUCTION COMPANY, INC.' 
Cc: 'Daphne Wallace', 'ann rodriquez' 
Subject: LSJ Shop Buildings 
Gentlemen, 
'Butch Hodge'; 'APEX 
The following clarifications are provided regarding the Bids to be received 
for the Little St. James Mechanical, R.O. and Maintenance Buildings: 
I. The Contractor is allowed to utilize the Little St. James Barge 
for the delivery of materials. 
2. The Contractor shall include the cost of site work in his Bid, 
including equipment. 
3. The equipment schedule shown in the drawings for the vehicular 
and woodworking shops is for information purposes only. The Contractor is 
responsible for all mechanical and electrical supply to the above referenced 
equipment. All shelving shown shall be provided by the owner. 
4. The Buck Steel quote that includes the generator building is 
included with this email. 
The bid date remains June 9, 2017. 
JPW 
EFTA00663728
--- PAGE 2 ---
This email has been checked for viruses by Avast antivirus software. 
https://vvww.avast.cotniantivims 
EFTA00663729

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663730.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Masha Drokova
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Plant Neurobiology - Invitation to collaborate 
Date: Tue, 06 Jun 2017 20:56:15 +0000 
we should probably talk through it. we'd need to decide where to start with. 
On Jun 6, 2017, at 4:42 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I like your plan for media, how to operationalize 
On Tue, Jun 6, 2017 at 4:42 PM, Masha Drokova < 
wrote: 
thank you. Will read it. 
On Jun 5, 2017, at 5:41 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Schroedinger what is life 
On Sun, Jun 4, 2017 at 9:11 PM Masha Drokova
read a few times. what else? 
On Jun 4, 2017, at 6:07 PM, jeffrey E. < 
> wrote: 
wrote: 
Lolita 
On Sun, Jun 4, 2017 at 8:58 PM Masha Drokova 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey - how are you? if I ask you about one book that you recommend me to read what would it be? 
Maria 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "jeffrey E." <1 
Date: May 29, 2017 at 3:30:24 AM PDT 
To: Masha Drokova
Subject: Re: Plant Neurobiology - Invitation to collaborate 
good first draft. I think as your generation focuses on pictures/ rather than prose. I m trying to 
decide what photo images people will forward. 
. sweat pants -= out. . photos with pretty 
women out. . not sure if it hsould be photos with older women, scientists. cats.? plants. 
places. food :) 
On Mon, May 29, 2017 at 6:03 AM, Masha Drokova 
wrote: 
I think you need to talk to the audience directly. Media is an outdated dying resource. You don't 
want anybody to control your publicity. Now media are partially controlling your web presence 
EFTA00663730
--- PAGE 2 ---
and formulating how the world sees you. You can create it by yourself and play with it not 
depending on anyone. 
You can use Facebook broadcast/Youtube if you feel comfortable on video or Medium/Twitter if 
you prefer writing. 
What will make you be known by your work? If you start sharing your knowledge and your 
opinion, it's not much of it on internet. There is no way for anybody to learn from you online. 
Should be. Once people start learning from you they'll appreciate you. 
What people want to know: 
1. How to earn and manage money? 
2. How to be more satisfied with your life? 
3. What is going to happen with the world? 
To share your thoughts about these questions you can chose either Twitter or Facebook broadcast 
(you are charismatic and people will watch you). You won't need to do anything special. Just 
answer coming questions. Media will organically pick up the answers and quote you. I also think 
you can enjoy the process and have fun doing it. 
Another alternative. You can interview famous scientists and your friends for Facebook broadcast 
or YouTube. Don't have to be a lot. 10-15 famous respected people, up to 20 min recorded 
conversations with each of them. 
More traditional and old ways to improve PR: 
1. 'Leak' to a top media (New York Times or WSJ) on how much you spend donating science. You 
are not commenting. They are calling scientists, scientists are confirming, they are putting 
together an article. It's manageable to make sure that scientists they'll call with say good things 
about you. 
2. Your exclusive interview for the media like New York Times. I like your crazy ideas about 
plants. It sounds scary and new which will make it viral. You can share what you think about it. 
The headlines can be 'Why famous billioner is turning into plant neurobiologist' etc 
Another topic for the exclusive - who you change your life after the scandal with prison and etc. 
Audience like to forgive and people will have lots of empathy to anybody who decided to live 
different life. 
3. Documentary about you when journalists will follow your life for a few month. Full of 
meetings with scientists and about business. This can also be done as it's been secretly filmed and 
you didn't know it. It'll form more trust to what they'll see. 
4. Your friends whom you're supporting should speak for you. 
I didn't see them supporting you in media during the scandal and I think this should be improved. 
Simply mentioning you on your interviews as philanthropist and visionary can bring value. 
Coming to scientific events with scientists can bring value. Hosting dinners and gathering 
scientists can bring value. 
5. Your book. Topic TBD 
You life story is untold. People jealous because they think that most of things you have in life 
you've got because of luck. This is not true, it's your intelligence and hardwork. If you tell more 
details about how you started and struggled (I'm sure you have stories) it will make audience like 
you. 
EFTA00663731
--- PAGE 3 ---
Anything from that gives new content about you on the web. SEO optimization can help to pull 
new content up within 3-6 months and replace old content. 
This is actually interesting to think about that. Your media/web presence is misleading and it can't 
be fixed by traditional PR tools and approach. I like that it's lots of work and no typical ways to 
improve it. 
Let me know if any of these ideas resonate with you. 
cy66ara, 27 mail 2017 r. nommearemb jeffrey E. Hannan: 
what is the idea? 
On Sat, May 27, 2017 at 1:13 AM, Masha Drokova 
> wrote: 
re media. I have a little radical idea for you. 
On May 23, 2017, at 6:16 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ok, start with the plant intelligence lit and ted talks . thanks for your media help 
On Tue, May 23, 2017 at 9:09 PM, Masha Drokova < 
Thank you! I'd need permission to access it. Could you please share it 
with 
On May 23, 2017, at 6:00 PM, jeffrey E. < 
Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey E.  
Date: Thu, May 4, 2017 at 6:26 AM 
Subject: Fwd: Plant Neurobiology - Invitation to collaborate 
To: "Nowak, Martin" 
Forwarded message  
From: Ed Boyden, 
Date: Sun, Apr 23, 2017 at 5:01 PM 
Subject: Re: Plant Neurobiology - Invitation to collaborate 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Joi Ito <1 
wrote: 
Thanks, will read -- what an exciting new nexus of interesting biotech and 
computational insight... 
On Thu, Apr 20, 2017 at 9:49 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lots of does. i will edit 
Forwarded message 
From: 
(via Google Drive)
Date: Wed, Apr 19, 2017 at 9:26 PM 
Subject: Plant Neurobiology - Invitation to collaborate 
wrote: 
EFTA00663732
--- PAGE 4 ---
To: jeevacation®gmail.com 
has invited you to contribute to the following shared 
folder: 
I Unk 
nown 
..orofda_ 
Here is the shared drive 
I will put all interesting papers in here 
Open 
Google Drive: Have all your files within reach from any device. 
Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, 
USA 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
WE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
(Logo for 
Google 
Drive 
Ed Boyden, Ph. D. 
Leader, Synthetic Neurobiology Group 
Associate Professor, MIT Media Lab and McGovern Institute, 
Departments of Biological Engineering and Brain and Cognitive Sciences 
Co-Director, MIT Center for Neurobiological Engineering 
EFTA00663733
--- PAGE 5 ---
Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
Building El 5: E15-421, 20 Ames St., Cambridge, MA 02139 (mailing address) 
Building 46: 46-2171 C, 43 Vassar Street, Cambridge, MA 02139 
email - 
phone - 
cell -
fax - 
Google Hangout - 
skype --
web - http://syntheticneurobiology.org 
twitter - http://twitter.comleboyden3
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00663734
--- PAGE 6 ---
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
EFTA00663735
--- PAGE 7 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663736

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663737.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Bentley 
Date: Tue, 06 Jun 2017 20:52:41 +0000 
Jojo could not figure out app for bentley and is going to Bentley tomorrow afternoon 
shall i also have them install license plate in front of car? 
please advise 
thank you 
EFTA00663737

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663738.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 Jun 2017 20:44:01 +0000 
intresting.. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 6, 2017, at 7:51 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/529227/ 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663738

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663739.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Sat, 02 May 2009 00:12:37 +0000 
Do you have a ticket to Milan 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Ma 2 2009 at 1:38 PM, 
wrote: 
> Hi Jeffrey, how are you today! just wanted to wish you a nice day! 
> I just met a friend for a coffee in the morning, now thinking what 
> to do this weekend, a bit rainy here. will go to gym now 
> please call me when you are available 
> kiss 
> --- C6, 2.5.09, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> miner: 
>> Or: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
» Tema: Re: 
» Komy: 
>> 
Cy66ora, 2 mall 2009, 2:37 
» lets talk on monday night 
>> 
» 2009/5/1 
>» 
>>> Hi Jeffrey, just received some castings for monday. 
» its all for editorials 
>>> for next week. Do you think its better that i come 
>> next friday and stay a 
>>> few days, then fly directly to Europe...(the deadline 
» in May 15, but I think 
>» its better 1 -2 days earlier just in case) 
>>> my visa will take a few weeks and I really want to see 
» you before i go 
>» 
>» 
>>> 
C 29.4.09, Jeevacation 
>> 
ninuer: 
>» 
>>>> Or: Jeevacation leevacation®gmail.com> 
»» TeMa: Re: 
>>» Kom 
>> Ica 
»» 
Cpena, 29 anpenb 2009, 16:07 
EFTA00663739
--- PAGE 2 ---
>>>> Do you have any castings next week 
>>» 
>>>> Sent from my iPhone 
>>» 
>>>> n A r 29 2009, at 4:08 PM, 
>>» 
» 
>>» wrote: 
>>» 
>»» have a nice day! 
>>>>> cant wait to see you! 
>»» photo from the central park on saturday 
>»» kisses 
>>>» 
>>>» 
>>>» 
>>» 
>>>» Bw yxce c Yahoo!? 
>>>>>14cnbrrairre 06HOEtneHHyl0 
>>» ynyinueccuyto. Yahoo! Dotty! 
»» http://ru.mail.yahoo.com 
>>>» <a.jpg> 
>» 
>» 
>» 
>» Bbl yxce c Yahoo!? 
>»14cnbrrafiTe 06HOEtneHHyl0 
» ynrunennyto. Yahoo! Dotty! 
» http://ru.mail.yahoo.com 
>» 
> Bbl pice c Yahoo!? 
>14cnbrrafire o6nortneicyco H yarnueutcyto. Yahoo! 
> Dowry! http://ru.mail.yahoo.com 
> 932-.iP8> 
EFTA00663740

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663741.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation jeevacation(r6zmail.com - 
To: ' 
Date: Sat, 02 May 2009 00:28:03 +0000 
Remind me mothers day and bmw 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663741

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663742.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation cjeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Gmax <IMI=M> 
Date: Sat, 02 May 2009 00:28:38 +0000 
Where are you 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663742

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663743.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Dana <=I
> 
Date: Sat, 02 May 2009 00:29:13 +0000 
Only two weeks until you return 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663743

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663744.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 Jun 2017 20:27:24 +0000 
Thank you!! 111 ask! Tomorrow 11 be Best Buy shopping day ! So excited!! 
Thank you so much Jeffrey!!! 
I m so happy!!! 
On Tue, Jun 6, 2017 at 3:48 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
it might be too old but if you take a picture of the inputs to best buy, they might have eitehr chromecast or 
apple tv with rca plugs 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663744

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663745.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: flagpole 
Date: Mon, 22 May 2017 18:13:42 +0000 
ok will do 
Ann R. 
On May 22, 2017, at 1:48 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
please move the white rug under the desk, spray it , it smells. a littel and the blue rug towared the door. thx 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663745

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663746.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Stephen Hanson <
III
> 
To: Jeffrey / E / Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Strikes 
Date: Wed, 11 Jan 2017 12:38:54 +0000 
Attachments: OPTIONS.xlsx 
Sent from my iPad 
EFTA00663746

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663747.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Stephen Hanson 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 14 Jul 2017 12:46:21 +0000 
From op agreement 
All funds of the Company shall be deposited in the Company's name and used solely for Company business 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jul 14, 2017, at 8:39 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
dont know details. but i would think it is right to do so. . maybe not smart. but his right 
On Fri, Jul 14, 2017 at 8:38 AM, Stephen Hanson < 
wrote: 
Agree on just get it open - that has been the main focus 
David keeps wanting to take loan money to repay himself leaving us short $ to finish the project 
That is really the hold up - not letting him take funds till the project is complete - it's a fight at every step 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jul 14, 2017, at 7:50 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
im still trying to figure out why you are s000 stressed. 
did you get hit in the market? you ok? 
re 
david you made a trade, you signed does. you bought the position. cant dk the trade. lets play it out . 
howie is a dope 11111 
im have been consistant on that, 
auditors at this stage , ? for what , focus on 
getting the place opened and running. thats it. documents accoutning are distractions for everyone 
including you. the money is owed or its not. Day one , when we talked about this , we discussed this as 
a marriage and are you sure . . 
you are married. . your decision. . ill help anywayi can , first is to get 
you to stay relaxed. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663747
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663748

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663749.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff • 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Kevin Ouvre 
Date: Wed, 14 Jun 2017 21:21:37 +0000 
Do you want him to stay on the island or in hotel? (Marriott is sold out but I can get a room at Bluebeard for 
$199 per night). Please advise 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 14, 2017, at 5:03 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Yes 
On Wed, Jun 14, 2017 at 4:23 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Flights for Kevin Ouvre are limited...on the 21st the only flight available does not get him in until 7pm. 
There is a direct flight morning of 20th (departs 7:15am arrives 8:08am) Would it be ok for him to arrive 
early on 20th? He would depart on 22nd at 3:05pm (there is one seat left) 
OK to issue this ticket for Kevin? 
Two separate tickets will be issued. Trade Wind portion $971.10, SEABORNE AIRLINES (BB) $157.10 
TJ 301 20JUN SBH STT 715A 808A 
BB3529 22JUN STT SJU 305P 340P 
TJ 106 22JUN SJU SBH 445P 551P 
OK to issue? What about hotel? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663749

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663750.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 14 Jun 2017 20:51:21 +0000 
Attorney got money and my documents , everything seems ok. Will see what she says tomorrow . 
c , 14 MOHR 2017 r. a 16:49, jeffity E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
yes 
On Wed, Jun 14, 2017 at 4:26 Pl1/41 
Jeffrey , 
I set appointment with attorney tomorrow at 10a.m. Is it ok? 
Mina 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Arina 
wrote: 
EFTA00663750

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663751.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation®gmail.com> 
To: '
Date: Sun, 03 May 2009 17:49:12 +0000 
tells me you prefer not to come ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663751

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663752.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Rich Kahn
Subject: Re: LSJ - talk about the project today? 
Date: Sun, 03 May 2009 19:17:07 +0000 
Yes. Call them tell them that the work that wecreceived was iselessv 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 4, 2009, at 2:26 PM, "Rich Kahn"
wrote: 
Attached is Bradford's invoice. I wanted to confirm that I had the proper invoice that your were referring to. 
Please confirm that I will pay 4,642.50 (50% of total 9285.00) 
Thank you 
Rich Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
PO Box 400 
New York, NY 10150 
tel 646-862-4811 
fax 646-350-0954 
ce 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (mailto:eev
@griSl
ni
Sent: Monday, May 04, 2009 10:10 AM 
To: Rich Kahn 
Subject: Fwd: LSJ - talk about the project today? 
pay half of bradfords billl as final. 
Forwarded message  
From: hasan khan  
EFTA00663752
--- PAGE 2 ---
Date: Mon, May 4, 2009 at 9:50 AM 
Subject: LSJ - talk about the project today? 
To: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.cotn>
Dear Jeffrey: 
Will work on the ground plane. 
I will phone this afternoon to talk about the last drawings we sent you for your reactions. 
Would you please process payment to the Bradfords as mentioned last week? 
Thanks and regards, 
Hasan 
Date: Sat, 2 May 2009 15:07:00 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
re north elevation we need to build in some landscape so the transittion from building to ground is elegant 
CSJ_Bradford_inv # 1.doc> 
EFTA00663753

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663754.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation 
To:' 
`z
ia> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Sun, 03 May 2009 19:38:00 +0000 
Don't worry - I just thought I would give you the opportunity to earn 
some money . You cabdo it when convenient - may June etc 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 4, 2009, at 2:08 PM, 
wrote: 
> Is not what I prefer or don't prefer! I thought u want me to do 
> smthg here in ny,not there... Something that I can do meanwhile 
> modeling... I'd maybe be able to come there for a weekend,though I 
> guess u need me working days,right? Is that anything I can do gor 
> you here? 
Original Message 
> From: Je mail 
> To: 
> Subject: 
> Sent: May 3, 2009 1:49 PM 
• 
tells me you prefer not to come ? 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> Sent via BlacicBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA00663754

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663755.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:' 
'c
Subject: R. 
Date: Mon, 04 May 2009 00:17:50 +0000 
> 
Email me on sat. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 4, 2009, at 8:15 PM, 
c 
. wrote: 
This is the school info. Is there any way I can speak with you? 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From:j...... 
Date: 
on, 
a 
: 
: 
000 
To: 
Subject: 
It was a pleasure talkin to ou toda ho efu II s ing you a student. Attached please find 
information concerning 
009 Classes. 
If you are interested in pursuing massage therapy please contact me and we can discuss this 
opportunity. The classes of '09 are filling up quite quickly as we only accept 15 students per class. 
I look forward to hear from you. 
Thank you for considering 
<Tuition for 600-Hour Professional Licensing Program in 2009> 
<Important Dates of 2009 Class Registration.doc> 
<Initial Application (2009).doc> 
EFTA00663755

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663756.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663756.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To:' 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Mon, 04 May 2009 12:14:22 +0000 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 5, 2009, at 5:10 AM, "Sarah" 
wrote: 
Here I am. Sony I got lost down a dark hole. I can talk anytime after 2pm UK time. 
Sony I got stuck in a dark place.... 
Really looking forward to talking to you. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the sender 
immediately. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Fri, 17 Apr 2009 13:04:29 -0400 
To:  
Subject: Re: 
can you make the houston flight from palm beach„ you would need to leave at 3 at the latest to make a5 miaimi 
flight.. that being said „ i will make myself available.. I have great ideas for you mother army„ Charge for 
enlistment.. have ranks„ move up the ranks by accomplishment, prove you are a good mother get a mothers 
army medal.. charge 5 dollars for enlistment.. have consumer products co, sponsor and give out material.. ITs 
time to recogize mothers as the most important part of our society. 
On Fri, Apr 17, 2009 at 12:56 PM, Sarah < 
> wrote: 
Can I come to see you on Monday ? My flight lands at 12.15 from Grenada into Miami. So I could be with 
by 2ish. Then I have a 5pm to Houston, then onto Vancouver. So I could be with you for 1 hour for a 
brainstorming of your genius ideas. !! 
Do you think Yanoush could pick me up at the airport? And drop me? 
Sony to ask but ... A girl has to!! 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the sender 
immediately. 
EFTA00663756

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663757.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: '
 "`z
> 
Date: Wed, 06 May 2009 12:04:18 +0000 
American idol -- I ask myself -don't they have a mirror?a camera? How 
is it possible that they actually believe they are doing well ? Even 
when the audience laughs -the judges say that was terrible _ no where 
close -a 1 on a scale of 10 . They stick to their belief in their 
performance . There is a chef teaching in my kitchen - I've asked 
you to learn . You choose to ignore the opportunity and take pictures. 
Zuzanna could have learned with you which was more helpful to me? 
Ask any one of the judges, get acamera , you chose to ignore my 
request and on top of it tellme that it wasn't usefull to Sarah and 
jenn. They strongly disagree . All the facts are clear . Go through a 
list of how you spendyour money and or your time. Then tell me how you 
are being helpful to me or merely indulging yourself 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663757

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663758.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "John P. Woods" •t:
> 
To: mjeffrey E."' leevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: "'Richard Kahn"' 
Subject: GSJ Inv. No. 16-011.3 
Date: The, 06 Jun 2017 20:24:27 +0000 
Attachments: 6Jun17_GreatStJamesinv.No._16.011.3.PDF 
, "'Daphne Wallace 
Jeffrey, 
See attached GSJ Inv. No. 16-011.3 for services provided in developing the 
recent Master Plan Drawings for Great Saint James. 
JPW 
This email has been checked for viruses by Avast antivirus software. 
https://www.avast.com/antivirus 
EFTA00663758

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663759.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 Jun 2017 19:46:54 +0000 
Thank you!! I ll read everything about it, but it seems to me that my tv LG 2012 year II be too old for this.. 
I 11 check! 
Thank you!! 
Now on my way ro Brian Loxley ! 
Thank you so much Sir!! 
So happy!! So grateful!! 
On Tue, Jun 6, 2017 at 3:42 PM jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
chromecast 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663759

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663760.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
H 
> 
To: "Jeffrey E." 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 Jun 2017 19:29:42 , 0000 
Thank you. It's such a meaningful and special gift. I promise I will make the most of it - you know I am good at 
restaurants and travel :) 
100% 
On Tue, Jun 6, 2017 at 12:40 PM jeffrey E. a 
wrote: 
spend the mone dont save it. restaurants travel clothes. 
i want you to learn how to enjoy the benefit of 
money. . 
tells you enough about the burdens. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663760

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663761.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski clia> 
To: Je vacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: San Diego 
Date: Tue, 06 Jun 2017 19:28:15 +0000 
Jeffrey, 
Palm Beach to San Diego is running 4+50 minutes 
-25kt headwind 
Do you have wheels up time tomorrow? 
Do you need transportation upon arrival in San Diego? 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663761

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663762.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Mitchell
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: RE: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 Jun 2017 18:54:45 +0000 
Attachments: image00 1 jpg; image001(1)jpg; image001(2).jpg 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
801 Madison Avenue 
New York NY 10065 
USA 
1212-486-4444 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Dan Montroy < 
Date: June 6, 2017 at 2:53:58 PM EDT 
To: 
Cc: ' 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Monday at 11am looks good 
Daniel Montroy , AIA 
MAD Jogo_FINAL1 
Madison Avenue, 14th Floor 
New York, NY 10016 
, Direct 
www.madgi.com
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, June 06, 2017 2:50 PM 
To: Dan Montroy 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Thank you Dan, 
Monday would be great, but please do let me know if you have any changes as I can always shuffle things 
around. 
And I am completely flexible with regards to timing on Monday morning, so whatever works best for you is 
good. 
On Tue, Jun 6, 2017 at 12:39 PM, Dan Montroy < 
wrote: 
EFTA00663762
--- PAGE 2 ---
I can meet you on Friday or Monday morning 9:30-noon, Tuesday or Wednesday afternoon 1:30-4 
Daniel Montroy , AIA 
MAD_logo_FINAL1 
Madison Avenue, 14th Floor 
New York, NY 10016 
, Direct 
www.madgi.com
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, June 06, 2017 1:00 PM 
To: Dan Montroy 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Thank you Dan, 
I am based in NY so I would be happy to meet at your convenience. 
, Jun 6, 2017 at 9:35 AM, Dan Montroy < 
wrote: 
(though we are not expanding our interior staff right now I would like to meet you. I am always interested in 
in ing top talent. Let me know when you'll be in NY 
Daniel Montroy , AIA 
MAD_logo_FINAL1 
Madison Avenue, 14th Floor 
New York, NY 10016 
, Direct 
www.madgi.com
From: 
Sent: Thursday, June 01, 2017 9:44 PM 
To: David Mitchell 
Cc: Dan Montroy 
Subject: Re: 
Thank you David. 
Dan please let me know when would be convenient for you. 
Many thanks, 
n Thu, Jun 1, 2017 at 12:21 PM, David Mitchell < 
> wrote: 
lease meet Dan Montroy who has a great architecture and design firm 
I gave him your resume yesterday and he asked for me to have you reach out to make an appointment 
Thank you and good luck, 
David 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
EFTA00663763
--- PAGE 3 ---
801 Madison Avenue 
New York NY 10065 
EFTA00663764

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663765.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: PBI windows 
Date: Tue, 06 Jun 2017 18:53:04 +0000 
can they begin tomorrow or shall i push to thursday 
please advise 
thank you 
EFTA00663765

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663766.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Stephen Hanson 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 14 Jul 2017 12:44:16+0000 
Then job can't finish - can't open a restaurant goes belly - he has a claw back in 7 anyway 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jul 14, 2017, at 8:39 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
dont know details. but i would think it is right to do so. . maybe not smart. but his right 
On Fri, Jul 14, 2017 at 8:38 AM, Stephen Hanson 
wrote: 
Agree on just get it open - that has been the main focus 
David keeps wanting to take loan money to repay himself leaving us short $ to finish the project 
That is really the hold up - not letting him take funds till the project is complete - it's a fight at every step 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jul 14, 2017, at 7:50 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
im still trying to figure out why you are s000 stressed. 
did you get hit in the market? you ok? 
re 
david you made a trade, you signed does. you bought the position. cant dk the trade. lets play it out . 
howie is a dope 11111 
im have been consistant on that, 
auditors at this stage , ? for what , focus on 
getting the place opened and running. thats it. documents accoutning are distractions for everyone 
including you. the money is owed or its not. Day one , when we talked about this , we discussed this as 
a marriage and are you sure . . 
you are married. . your decision. . ill help anywayi can , first is to get 
you to stay relaxed. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00663766
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663767

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663768.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez
To: Jermaine Ruan 
Cc: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: GYM roof 
Date: Sun, 15 Jan 2017 20:25:12 +0000 
I n ne-I mages: image1.JPG 
Jermaine, 
Isn't that the WIFI extender to transfer signal from the tower to the MC? Please advise 
Ann R. 
> On Jan 15, 2017, at 4:19 PM, Jermaine Ruan < 
> wrote: 
> Good day boss 
> I checked that unit and it did booth up. The only explanation I think of is the power cable maybe loose where it 
plugged into the outlet or maybe it was got bumped during cleaning. I can trace it and see if I can get it back 
online. 
> I have updated Choice about the dish. 
> Sent from my iPhone 
>> On Jan 15, 2017, at 3:11 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
>> Dish on top of gym damaged . Five palms computer was never checked even for power!!!! Outside many 
cobwebs in cactus !!! 
EFTA00663768

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663769.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: miss you 
Date: Sun, 15 Jan 2017 20:05:06 +0000 
Only 5 more days before... S 
On Sun, Jan 15, 2017 at 12:52 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
great thanks 
On Sun, Jan 15, 2017 at 12:14 PM, 
How are you sneaky? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Sincerely 
wrote: 
EFTA00663769

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663770.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:' 
< 
Subject: Re: (no subject) 
Date: Wed, 06 May 2009 16:05:15 +0000 
Wait for another week. Don't worry 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 6, 2009, at 12:03 PM, 
wrote: 
HI Jeffrey,What do I do if I dont hear anything from Eat all this week?So far nothing JF 
Big savings on Dell's most popular laptops. Now starting at $449! 
EFTA00663770

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663771.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: leevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: '
Date: Wed, 06 May 2009 16:10:02 +0000 
Immature and silly. I told you I liked what she cooked. You find no 
problem eating from a restaurant with mexicans that spit inyour food 
with no knowledge whatsoever of what the kitchen looks like the 
freshness of the ingredients the cleanliness of the dishes. Once 
again. B000shit girly c.... Like behavior 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663771

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663772.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:'
 `zE
ia> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Wed, 06 May 2009 16:37:30 +0000 
No, but did you ask her or me , what did I like about it so that you 
could make no. Simply zer000000 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 6, 2009, at 12:16 PM, 
wrote: 
> It does not affect you whether I eat her potato or not. I am glad 
> you enjoyed it. 
> The fact she is no less hygienic than the mexicans doesn't make me 
> want to eat her food any more. 
> 
Original Message 
> From: JE Vacation 
> To: 
> Sent: May 6, 2009 12:10 PM 
> Subject: 
> Immature and silly. I told you I liked what she cooked. You find no 
> problem eating from a restaurant with mexicans that spit inyour food 
> with no knowledge whatsoever of what the kitchen looks like the 
> freshness of the ingredients the cleanliness of the dishes. Once 
> again. B000shit girly c.... Like behavior 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
EFTA00663772

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663773.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <1 
To: Brice Gordon <I 
Subject: Re: <no subject> 
Date: Wed, 06 May 2009 16:37:58 +0000 
Ok 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 6, 2009, at 12:16 PM, Brice Gordon < 
To JEE 
Reference: Hydro crimping press and Fittings 
Cost: $23,500.00 ( includes shipping) 
rote: 
Requesting approval to purchase a hydro crimping press and fittings. This will enable 
repairs of hydraulic lines to be performed on LSJ for all heavy machinery. At present all 
hydraulic line repairs are performed off island, leading to considerable down time. The 
above price has been shopped around by Emad and Arran. 
For your consideration 
Brice 
EFTA00663773

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663774.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:' 
< 
Subject: Re: (no subject) 
Date: Wed, 06 May 2009 16:38:11 +0000 
I know 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 6, 2009, at 12:21 PM, 
Jeffrey at my age I am living in dog years..JF 
wrote: 
Big savings on Dells most popular laptops. Now starting at $449! 
EFTA00663774

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663775.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:'
 `zE
ia> 
Subject: Re: Re: Re: 
Date: Wed, 06 May 2009 16:59:54 +0000 
I m sorry you don't like it truly what or who should I compare you to. 
Lalasa , other women other girlfriends other people at all or ignore 
the fact that what you give is little by my standards while you think 
it is great I think it is not. You do less much less than I find 
acceptable. Does that make it easier ? I recognizevthst there are a 
multitude if men they would find your actions palatable. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 6, 2009, at 12:51 PM, 
wrote: 
> I am not surprised you like a potato. This might be more productive 
> if you stop comparing me to these prostitutes and 'secretaries' 
> -----Original Message 
> From: JE Vacation 
> To: 
> Sent: May 6, 2009 12:37 PM 
> Subject: Re: Re: 
> No, but did you ask her or me , what did I like about it so that you 
> could make no. Simply zer000000 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> On May 6, 2009, at 12:16 PM, 
wrote: 
>> It does not affect you whether I eat her potato or not. I am glad 
» you enjoyed it. 
>> The fact she is no less hygienic than the mexicans doesn't make me 
>> want to eat her food any more. 
>> 
Original Message 
>> From: JE Vacation 
» To: 
>> Sent: May 6, 2009 12:10 PM 
>> Subject: 
» Immature and silly. I told you I liked what she cooked. You find no 
» problem eating from a restaurant with mexicans that spit inyour food 
>> with no knowledge whatsoever of what the kitchen looks like the 
>> freshness of the ingredients the cleanliness of the dishes. Once 
>> again. B000shit girly c.... Like behavior 
>> Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663775
--- PAGE 2 ---
>> 
» 
>> Sent via BlackBeny by AT&T 
>> 
> 
> 
> Sent via BlackBeny by AT&T 
EFTA00663776

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663777.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:' 
'< 
Subject: Re: (no subject) 
Date: Thu, 07 May 2009 00:34:58 +0000 
Thurs after 5 eastern or fri anytime 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 6, 2009, at 11:30 AM, 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
I am now back in London, met with (the extremely pretty and attractive) Shelley yesterday for tea at my office. 
Went to hear David Cameron speak today at a luncheon. It was very good, the sooner he is in running this country the 
better! 
When would it be convenient to call? 
As ever, 
Mark 
Big savings on Dell's most  popular laptops. Now starting at $4491 
EFTA00663777

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663778.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ig
It
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 07 May 2009 11:42:28 +0000 
Didn't get them 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 7, 2009, at 4:30 AM, " 
> wrote: 
> what did you think of the pics? 
> mail2web LIVE — Free email based on Microsoft® Exchange technology 
> - 
> http://link.mail2web.corn/LIVE 
EFTA00663778

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663779.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: '
Date: Thu, 07 May 2009 12:04:23 +0000 
What I understand is jeffrey take it or leave it ..I am unwilling to 
think of your needs only what I want. You know me ,I will not help or 
make any effort because others can to those things. I believe you 
have it backwards , every black teenager can and does have a child . 
The real challenge is to create a quality life as an adult. Bringing 
more to the table then you consume . Ball-e or baby can't be critical 
and using them as a mirror to gain applause is unhealthy. That being 
said I love you and suggest we come to some type of resolution . 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663779

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663780.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation jecvacation®gmail.com> 
To: ' 
Date: Fri, 08 May 2009 00:17:08 +0000 
Schedule sultan for 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663780

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663781.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem  
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 18 Jan 2017 05:45:48 +0000 
Mbs mother ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 17, 2017, at 9:46 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
saudi s said the guy s mother died and will not come. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663781

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663782.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 08 May 2009 19:28:37 +0000 
Two or three days 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 8, 2009, at 3:10 PM, 
wrote: 
> Hi hi.==mentioned you told her she could go to nyc next 
> week. She wants to go from tues night till Monday. I think that's a 
> bit long considering how much time she's been gone the past 
> month(Minnesota for a week and a half and nyc the previous week for 
> 4 days)I wanted to get your thoughts as I'm trying to work out next 
> week's schedule. Thanks.. 
EFTA00663782

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663783.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation aa> 
To: "Farkas, Andrew L." ala> 
Subject: Re: Sorry 
Date: Sat, 09 May 2009 00:01:43 +0000 
Now 561 6014569 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 8, 2009, at 7:06 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L." aa> 
wrote: 
> Just got your messages. I rarely listen to my cell phone voice mail. 
> Pls call me again. Can I call you now? Tomorrow? 
EFTA00663783

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663784.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:' 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Sat, 09 May 2009 10:44:25 +0000 
What happened 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 7, 2009, at 11:28 AM, 
wrote: 
I told them not to send you the bill anymore though I can't afford to pay it now!so far is 1250$. And I have to 
go back again on monday again coz is really bad what I have there and now I'm really scared! 
There is a girl, Ayvil that says hello from dr Magnani's office! 
Sent via BlackBeny from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Thu, 7 May 2009 08:34:32 -0400 
To: 
Subject: 
I have no details „ what help would you like„ how much money do you need please coordinate travel plans 
with=, I'm not sure this weekend works.. 
EFTA00663784

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663785.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Subject: Re: Important... 
Date: Mon, 11 May 2009 11:47:00 +0000 
Good. , it is more of a threat. Therefore it is clear she is not simply asking to deal with the bank if you like have 
your lawyer call me , I will handle. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 10, 2009, at 3:15 PM, "Sultan Bin Sulayem" 
wrote: 
Dear Jeffrey This just came from the same person I talked to you!! about 
Message
From 
To: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Sent: Sun May 10 22:57:21 2009 
Subject: Important... 
----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE---
Hash: SHA1 
As an old friend; I would strongly advise you to not visit my 
country...unless you want to find out precisely what it is like to 
be...me. 
----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE—
Charset: UTF8 
Version: Hush 3.0 
Note: This signature can be verified at 
wpwEAQMCAAYFAkoHI5gACgkQwPvePWHNs0zVDwQA 1 QRnBxpmnt4YQjAOU1cM6qqpEDzg 
2cP8nAQILLiNybI9jGrkFmk8p/DC7hKUeEw/XL9c8UhFMEgijEEG3rucNTZNz+JyQYwUL 
wN+o1U86/7vSPbXVm2WVIz82ZcdgAzt9d4W2a0KjSWh4AoGx2qBkte0daPkToAXyBUxIc 
zhPQpcM= 
=pSur 
----END PGP SIGNATURE--
Purify your water with professional water treatment. Click now! 
http://tagline.hushmail.com/fc/BLSijkqgluNdCwtvCG93ITCopqtgakL5Cvh4ag12O1pmKv0TG.IWWkAPV5Iwk/ 
*www**www**www**www**www**www*******www**wwwinsciaimER***ww**www**www**www**www*******www** 
**girt*** 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and contain privileged or 
copyright 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy, distribute or use 
this email 
or the information contained in it for any purpose other than to notify us of the receipt 
thereof. 
If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately, and 
delete this 
EFTA00663785
--- PAGE 2 ---
email from your system. 
Please note that e-mails are susceptible to change.The sender shall not be liable for the 
improper 
or incomplete transmission of the information contained in this communication,nor for any 
delay in 
its receipt or damage to your system.The sender does not guarantee that this material is 
free from 
viruses or any other defects although due care has been taken to minimise the risk. 
*WWW**WWW**********************WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW*******WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW******* 
EFTA00663786

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663787.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicholas Ribis
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 14 Jul 2017 12:38:21 +0000 
Can we talk in an hour Pm at meeting now - thank u 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 14, 2017, at 8:30 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
received form my guy. 
re : Ribis ; originally we sent the wire without collateral in hand as you ordered. Our books showed a 
collateral of 200k to be deposited in two days. Two weeks later we received less than half of the value 
promised. Not sure how to handle our books for July. - Auditors will ask 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663787

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663788.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Brice Gordon <IMIEN
> 
Subject: Re: <no subject> 
Date: Mon, 11 May 2009 19:06:00 +0000 
Call 561 6015569 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 11, 2009, at 3:33 PM, 
> To JEE: need to talk do you have time 
> Brice 
lIMMOI
> wrote: 
EFTA00663788

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663789.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Stephen Hanson 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 14 Jul 2017 12:38:02 +0000 
Agree on just get it open - that has been the main focus 
David keeps wanting to take loan money to repay himself leaving us short $ to finish the project 
That is really the hold up - not letting him take funds till the project is complete - it's a fight at every step 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jul 14, 2017, at 7:50 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
im still trying to figure out why you are s000 stressed. 
did you get hit in the market? you ok? 
re david 
you made a trade, you signed does. you bought the position. cant dk the trade. lets play it out . howie is a 
dope ""I 
im have been consistant on that, 
auditors at this stage , ? for what , focus on getting the place 
opened and running. thats it. documents accoutning are distractions for everyone including you. the 
money is owed or its not. Day one , when we talked about this , we discussed this as a marriage and are you 
sure .. 
you are married. . your decision. . ill help anywayi can , first is to get you to stay relaxed. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663789

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663790.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: N E M 
Date: Mon, 11 May 2009 23:34:40 +0000 
Inline-Images: photojpg 
Sent from my iPhonegi 
EFTA00663790

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663791.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:' 
"cU 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Tue, 12 May 2009 02:20:22 +0000 
Yes , he really wants to be near you 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 11, 2009, at 2:16 PM, 
Did u speak to him ? ( I am on Lords frontbench) 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device 
wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Mon, 11 May 2009 09:37:24 -0400 
To: PETER MANDELSOW 
Subject: 
send phone number again„ i can't find 
EFTA00663791

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663792.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
< 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Tue, 12 May 2009 11:19:13 +0000 
Please coordinate 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Sarah"
Date: May 11, 2009 10:57:58 PM EDT 
To: "Jeffre  Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Reply-To: 
I am coming into Palm Beach to see you on Wednesday I land at 9.30am. Can your brilliant Yanoush pick me 
up, bring me to you, The Great one!! And then take me to Miami!??? Please with roses on top! 
Love, Me. Xxx 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the sender 
immediately. 
EFTA00663792

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663793.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Silvina Royston 
Cc: Brice Gordon 
, Doug Schoettle 
, Curtis Royston 
Subject: Re: Kitchen Plan Update 
Date: Tue, 12 May 2009 11:23:48 +0000 
Dimensions please and underlay zorro for comparison 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 12, 2009, at 6:20 AM, Silvina Royston
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Please find attached Plan A and Plan B for the new Kitchen. 
As per your directive, I am proceeding with Plan A with a layout similar to that at Zorro. 
Brice has suggested ideas to pursue in its development, which are shown in Plan B. 
Please note while the overall concept is the same, an open main space with a separate Butler's Pantry and Pantry 
Plan A is symmetrical in plan with overall open circulation 
Plan B is asymmetrical in plan with directed circulation 
Please review and comment. 
Thank you. 
Silvina 
<Kitchen Plan A and B 05-11-09.pdf> 
EFTA00663793

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663794.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Helen Clarke
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 27 Nov 2013 14:25:59 +0000 
Embedded: unnamed 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Richard had asked me to sort out travel plans and was waiting for you to respond. I sent you an email a couple of days ago 
on Richard's behalf, which I have attached to this email. 
Kind regards, 
Helen 
Helen Clarke I Personal Assistant to Sir Richard Branson 
Email me: 
I Call me 
@Helen13779 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto 
Sent: 26 November 2013 20:12 
To: Richard Branson 
Subject: 
plans? 
Skype me: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Help to save paper - do you need to print this email? 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and 
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they 
are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify 
the system manager. 
Please be aware that the contents of any e-mails sent to Virgin 
Management Ltd may be periodically monitored and reviewed in 
accordance with lawful business practice. 
This footnote also confirms that this email message has been 
swept for the presence of computer viruses. 
Tweet me: 
EFTA00663794
--- PAGE 2 ---
Virgin Management Ltd. 
Registered in England & Wales No 1568894 
Registered Office: 179 Harrow Road, The Battleship Building, London W2 6NB 
EFTA00663795

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663796.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 13 May 2009 10:37:57 +0000 
Give me dates I'll organize transportation 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 13, 2009, at 6:30 AM, 
wrote: 
> I looked into flights for later part of July and they are quite 
> expensive about R 14 500.00. This is for 
NY. Also 
> checked to fly into Atlanta which was more and into Miami which for 
> some reason was double!! Also checked to go via London because I 
> much prefer breaking the trip like that but also more expensive.... 
> Will continue to check.... 
> Biiiig Kiss for you today XXXXX 
XXXX 
EFTA00663796

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663797.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663797.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stem 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 14 Jul 2017 12:10:38 +0000 
Apart from car: who should I meet in NYC and DC ? 
On 14 Jul 2017, at 12:53, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
not a lot of interest in car yet 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663797

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663798.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <a 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Holiday request for me! 
Date: Fri, 14 Jul 2017 11:53:53 +0000 
Morning! May I please take Aug. 2-6 for holiday ....I need to take Ty to camp at Notre Dame & visit with 
friends in MI. :) 
EFTA00663798

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663799.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663799.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "
Illin 
c
lille 
Date: Wed, 13 May 2009 19:39:55 +0000 
What would you like to do 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663799

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663800.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: mathew mahaffey
Subject: Re: pies 
Date: Fri, 15 May 2009 01:54:28 +0000 
Yes 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 14, 2009, at 9:53 PM, mathew mahaffey < 
wrote: 
what sort of proposal are you looking for? A landscape design and dollar amount for those two areas or 
something else? 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:48 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
give me a proposal please 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:46 PM, mathew mahaffey < 
wrote: 
Sea grape, cocoplum, salt ceadar, green buttonwood, plumbago are all great plant materials for that area. It 
would also be possible to grow bougainvillea and other materials as long as they were protected from the 
salt spray 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:43 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what about sea grapes and such by the second flagpole house 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:41 PM, mathew mahaffey <
Ila 
wrote: 
I learned a good lesson with that area this winter. The cold fronts have been very strong in the past 
couple of years and what I thought might do well did not. Those two areas are much windier than I 
anticipated, so I would probably use the coconut there as well. The Panama Hat palms will take wind 
and salt but I would use them in a more protected area like the roadway to the #1 flagpole from the 
main house 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:35 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what about around the fire pit area and at the second flag pole house 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:34 PM, mathew mahaffey < 
> wrote: 
I would say that your best bet for that area is going to be the coconut palms because of their salt 
tolerance. That is such a salty and windy point that you will be somewhat limited to what will 
grow well. There are many salt tolerant materials that will still work though. 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 8:56 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
they look great, for the landscape between the master and office what would you choose. 
EFTA00663800
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 8:45 PM, mathew mahaffey < 
> wrote: 
Sony this took so long. Between the road flooding and I was running the store for 7 days 
while my partner was on vacation, could not make it to the farm before dark to get pictures. 
Still working on some numbers for the nursery idea. Best regards. Mat 
Forwarded message 
From: Loren Mahaffey <I 
Date: Thu, May 14, 2009 at 8:39 PM 
Subject: pies 
To: 
Loren Mahaffey 
www.5elementstudio.com 
EFTA00663801

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663802.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "Pritzker, Tom"
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Fri, 15 May 2009 03:16:05 +0000 
Cool 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 14, 2009, at 11:14 PM, "Pritzker, Tom" c 
Standing on the bridge with Renzo Piano talking of kings and cabbages. 
wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Pritzker, Tom 
Sent: Thu May 14 19:47:32 2009 
Subject: 
now where are you? 
EFTA00663802

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663803.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: hello! 
Date: Fri, 15 May 2009 03:18:14 +0000 
Pm ok tell me about you 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 14, 2009, at 10:14 PM, 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey! It's 
gave me this e-mail address a while back. I've been wanting to contact you! 
How are you? I'm in NY rig t now and was just thinking about you. I would love to hear back from you... 
Big Hug. 
Hotmail® goes with you. Get it on  your BlackBerry or iPhone. 
EFTA00663803

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663804.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: mathew mahaffey
Subject: Re: pies 
Date: Fri, 15 May 2009 03:18:29 +0000 
> 
Yes 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 14, 2009, at 9:59 PM, mathew mahaffey < 
wrote: 
I will have to have access to those areas for measurements, Is that OK with you? And if so should I contact 
Brice about getting onto LSJ? 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:54 PM, Jeevacation <jeevacation@grnail.com> wrote: 
Yes 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 14, 2009, at 9:53 PM, mathew mahaffey < 
> wrote: 
what sort of proposal are you looking for? A landscape design and dollar amount for those two areas or 
something else? 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:48 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
give me a proposal please 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:46 PM, mathew mahaffey < 
wrote: 
Sea grape, cocoplum, salt ceadar, green buttonwood, plumbago are all great plant materials for that 
area. It would also be possible to grow bougainvillea and other materials as long as they were 
protected from the salt spray 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:43 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what about sea grapes and such by the second flagpole house 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:41 PM, mathew mahaffey < 
wrote: 
I learned a good lesson with that area this winter. The cold fronts have been very strong in the past 
couple of years and what I thought might do well did not. Those two areas are much windier than I 
anticipated, so I would probably use the coconut there as well. The Panama Hat palms will take 
wind and salt but I would use them in a more protected area like the roadway to the #1 flagpole 
from the main house 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:35 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what about around the fire pit area and at the second flag pole house 
EFTA00663804
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:34 PM, mathew mahaffey < 
wrote: 
I would say that your best bet for that area is going to be the coconut palms because of their 
salt tolerance. That is such a salty and windy point that you will be somewhat limited to what 
will grow well. There are many salt tolerant materials that will still work though. 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 8:56 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
they look great, for the landscape between the master and office what would you choose. 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 8:45 PM, mathew mahaffey < 
wrote: 
Sony this took so long. Between the road flooding and I was running the store for 7 days 
while my partner was on vacation, could not make it to the farm before dark to get 
pictures. Still working on some numbers for the nursery idea. Best regards. Mat 
-------- Forwarded message 
From: Loren Mahaffey  
a 
Date: Thu, May 14, 2009 at 8:39 PM 
Sub'ect: pics 
To: 
Loren Mahaffey 
998-1961 
EFTA00663805

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663806.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: 
Date: Fri, 15 May 2009 03:24:13 +0000 
Call him tomorrow if you like of you are not working you can come any day next week and stay as long as you 
like . Ad you know you will be stating at my house with 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 14, 2009, at 9:54 PM, 
> wrote: 
yes...I need an honest opinion.... 
On May 14, 2009, at 9:48 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
do you want to see another agency„ ? you should go to see jell at mc2 , he is a friend, not to join his agency 
but i would like his opinion on who you should shoot with 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:46 PM, 
wrote: 
I wish I could do a good test with a good photographer.... that matters a lot... but the only test I did where 
really bad! 
On May 14, 2009, at 9:42 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
trust? 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:39 PM, 
> wrote: 
No... honestly my problem is that I feel my agency doesn't trust me at all... 
On May 14, 2009, at 9:37 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
you are much prettier than these pictures„ have you worked with any good new york photogrpahers 
since you have been back? 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:35 PM, 
> wrote: 
no...they said is for Interview magazine... though I'm not sure they are gonna publish it... 
On May 14, 2009, at 9:27 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
was this for a test? 
On Thu, May 14, 2009 at 9:15 PM, 
> wrote: 
i wish...but I'm new in town and can"t get any clients...and I can really feel the recesion.... there 
are not so many castings...and jobs..well I hear all the models complaining...even the topmodels! 
This pictures are from a shooting I didi here 2 weeks ago. 
But I prefer smiling :) 
EFTA00663806
--- PAGE 2 ---
On May 14, 2009, at 9:08 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I did you attach more than one? you look great„ you should be getting more work 
EFTA00663807

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663808.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663808.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Dana <=I
> 
Date: Fri, 15 May 2009 03:25:22 +0000 
We might have to postpone your trip for a week , does that still 
work , Sarah is going to the island 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663808

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663809.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation 
To: Kira Titeneva
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Fri, 15 May 2009 03:27:42 +0000 
Missing you 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 14, 2009, at 9:54 PM, Kira Titeneva <note: 
> Everything is good, I have finals at school tomorrow. 
> No I am staying here and will take summer school at FIT. 
> Will go home is in fall or winter. 
> How are you? 
> Kisses 
EFTA00663809

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663810.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: RE: 
Date: Fri, 15 May 2009 10:46:48 +0000 
I loved the photos , of takes time until there are more right feelings than wrong,. I have many things for you to 
do to earn money that would also be a great help to me 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 15, 2009, at 4:45 AM, 
> wrote: 
Ups and downs; I feel right more and more often although it remains very painful when I feel down. In any 
cases I have almost no control on either situation. 
Nevertheless I do many things to improve this state of being: for the first time I confide in people and admit 
that I am not well; I realize that more people than I thought care about me,no one has a bad opinion on me, and 
many women have come through that!!!; I have tried the bag: thank you so much it really helps! I also do 
things with =that I also like and not only "good things" for her: i.e: have a drink at a fancy terrasse versus 
walk alone in a depressing park...I am going to hire a nanny for some hours so that I have other activities too. 
Would you have a little job for me that I could do like a mission until the end of June so that I could earn a little 
money? 
Did you get the pictures? I have more if you are not bored. 
What are you up to? 
Bisous 
Date: Thu, 14 May 2009 12:11:42 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
tried to call you today.. how are you 
On Wed, May 6, 2009 at 5:36 AM, 
wrote: 
EFTA00663810
--- PAGE 2 ---
Date: Mon, 4 May 2009 09:35:29 -0400 
Subject: 
From: 
To: 
are you feeling better 
Découvrez toutes les possibilités de communication avec vos  proches 
Vous voulez savoir ce que vous pouvez faire avec le nouveau Windows Live ? Lancez-vous ! 
EFTA00663811

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663812.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: J Cadwell 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Fri, 15 May 2009 10:54:20 +0000 
Steve should use my name story's andyours . He should offer to help fill out the sex offender part of the doe 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 13, 2009, at 9:41 AM, J Cadwell < 
> wrote: 
ok. good luck! :) 
Let me know how it goes. 
JESSICA CADWELL, CP 
CERTIFIED PARALEGAL 
LEWIS LONGMAN & WALKER. 
1700 PALM BEACH LAKES BOULEVARD 
SUITE #1000 
WEST PALM BEACH. FL 33401 
p - 561.640.0820 
f - 561.640.8202 
c-
- - On Wed, 5/13/09, Jeffrey Epstein  
 wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein
Subject: Re: 
To: "J Cadwell"
Date: Wednesday, May 13, 2009, 9:25 AM 
ill try today 
On Wed, May 13, 2009 at 9:24 AM, J Cadwell 
have you had any luck with the interstate?? 
do you need me to do anything? 
JESSICA CADWELL, CP 
CERTIFIED PARALEGAL 
LEWIS LONGMAN & WALKER, M. 
1700 PALM BEACH LAKES BOULEVARD 
SUITE #1000 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401 
p- 561.640.0820 
f - 561 640 8202 
e 
wrote: 
EFTA00663812
--- PAGE 2 ---
-- On The, 5/12/09, Jeffrey Epstein tevacationgegmaiLcom> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Subject: 
To: "J Cadwell"
Date: Tuesday, May 12, 2009, 10:33 AM 
call me and send me your phone number 
EFTA00663813

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663814.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663814.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L."
To: Florida Science Foundation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: AYH 
Date: Fri, 04 Aug 2017 14:18:50 +0000 
Fyi 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Mukamal, Thomas" < 
Date: August 4, 2017 at 4:07:17 PM GMT+2 
To: "Farkas, Andrew L."
Subject: AYH 
Good morning —
>
I now have some better direction on fixing the rotten pile caps at AYH. We are going to propose to try something far 
more economical that we are hoping to will free up a substantial amount of the cash sitting at AYH. It's taken a while to 
develop. I am having the process written up in a more technical manner and will reach out direction to Rich Kahn when 
I get back from vacation. Ball park is that we can try to fix the docks for around $500K in this more mom and pop 
manner rather than a total re-do. I will arrange to talk Rich through this to make sure he agrees with and has a chance to 
answer questions on method/cost/timing. 
I have also cut the guys loose to fix the garage ceiling which has been a sore point for Jeffrey. 
Tom 
Tom Mukamal 
Island Global Yachting Ltd. 
717 Fifth Avenue, 18th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
(t) 212-705-5085 
212-705-5001 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality andror non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein (including any 
reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be 
considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates. each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
EFTA00663814
--- PAGE 2 ---
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA00663815

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663816.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 03 Jun 2017 03:23:18 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_1918.JPG 
got it!!! 
EFTA00663816

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663817.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Martin G. Weinberg" < 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>, <*. 
Subject: Re: Activity in Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Doe v. United States of America Statement 
Date: Sat, 03 Jun 2017 02:36:44 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
I skimmed it but thought it was strong, maximized Govt chance to avoid summary judgment on violating CVRA. Absent SJ, 
Jane Does will have to prove their case at a liability hearing. Time, money, not sure they still have their heart in it but we 
will see. This may be the first case where I wanted an AUSA to do a great job. 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 9:25 PM 
To: Martin G. Weinberg ; Darren Indyke 
Subject: Re: Activity in Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Doe v. United States of America Statement 
thanks i read it all. 
nothing for you to do currently thx for transmitting 
On Fri, Jun 2, 2017 at 9:13 PM, Martin G. Weinberg <a 
wrote: 
From: Martin G. Weinberg 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 8:40 PM 
To: 
Subject: Re: Activity in Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Doe v. United States of America Statement 
Additional filing 
From: cmecfautosender@flsd.uscourts.gov
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 8:32 PM 
To: flsd cmecf noticeMIsd.uscourts.gov 
Subject: Activity in Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Doe v. United States of America Statement 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this e-mail because the mail box 
is unattended. 
***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a 
case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required by law 
or directed by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during 
this first viewing. However, if the referenced document is a transcript, the free copy and 30 page limit do not apply. 
U.S. District Court 
Southern District of Florida 
Notice of Electronic Filing 
The following transaction was entered by Lee, Dexter on 6/2/2017 at 8:32 PM EDT and filed on 6/2/2017 
Case Name: 
Doe v. United States of America 
Case Number: 
9:08-cv-80736-KAM 
Filer: 
United States of America 
Document Number:402 
Docket Text: 
Statement of: of Undisputed Material Facts in Support of Cross-Motion for Summary 
Judgment by United States of America (Lee, Dexter) 
EFTA00663817
--- PAGE 2 ---
9:08-cv-80736-KAM Notice has been electronically mailed to: 
Ann Marie C. Villafana ahawn.ball@usdoj,gov
Bradley James Edwards 
Bruce Reinhart 
Dexter Lee 
Gabriel Groisman 
• 
Jacqueline Perczek 
Jay C. Howell 
Jay P. Lefkowitz 
Kendall Brindley Coffey 
Martin G. Weinberg 
Paul G. Cassell 
Rachel Elise Fugate 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
Roy Eric Black 
Steven Russell Safra 
Thomas E. Scott, Jr 
CaseView.ECF@usdoj.gov USAFLS-HQDKT@usdoj.gov
9:08-cv-80736-KAM Notice has not been delivered electronically to those listed below and will be provided by other means. For 
further assistance, please contact our Help Desk at 1.888.318.2260.:
The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: 
Document description:Main Document 
Original filename:n/a 
Electronic document Stamp: 
(STAMP dcecfStamp_ID=1105629215 [Date=6/2/2017] [FileNumber=16448814-0 
] [76dc96fbf8a686e67b06e9ff7d33bbf5e664b6a4a666e78281489304d6811c55888 
4cebed968cb09eaec570b53166438d8632e9399d6da33d88fda66c5644687]] 
a 
Virus-free 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00663818
--- PAGE 3 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663819

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663820.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663820.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mail Delivery Subsystem 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Delivery Status Notification (Failure) 
Date: Sat, 03 Jun 2017 01:30:26 +0000 
Embedded: unnamed 
Wine-Images: icon.png 
s.;Error 
Icon 
Address not found 
Your message wasn't delivered to 
because 
the address couldn't be found. Check for typos or unnecessary 
spaces and try again. 
The response was: 
550 05.1.0 Address rejected. 
EFTA00663820

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663821.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663821.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Gold, Robert"
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 03 Jun 2017 01:30:24 +0000 
hey, hope this finds you well. 
our president trump , recently told someone that i had in the past a bulldog 
lawyer that had sued him , that he tried to get me to stop him. 
I know of no lawyer at that time separrate 
from you. 
does it ring a bell? thx 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663821

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663822.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663822.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 14 Jul 2017 11:37:09 +0000 
He would die if u called him his cell number is
He is having the best week and truly learning 
something. If you call him around 810 he will be on his way to work. Thank you 
Xoxo 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 14, 2017, at 5:35 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> wrote: 
i would like to talk to dylan today. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663822

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663823.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 14 Jul 2017 11:09:43 +0000 
Perfect. You're the BEST!!!! 
-----Original Message 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Dr Bard < 
Sent: Fri, Jul 14, 2017 5:45 am 
oxy powder global health amazon or store. night time empty stomach. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663823

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663824.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663824.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Barry J. Cohen" 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacabon®gmad.com> 
Subject: Re: [External] 
Date: Fri, 14 Jul 2017 10:13:08 +0000 
Ok. Will call you later. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 14, 2017, at 6:05 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com<mailtojeevacation®gmail.com>> wrote: 
I spoke to leon about oxy. we told josh that I would be involved. he had a heart attack, contract details important 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.conailto:jeevacation®gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom 
they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities 
other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender 
and delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA00663824

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663825.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663825.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Darren Indyke < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com>, Larry <Oa> 
Subject: Fwd: BBJ SN 30884 [CC-MERO.FID1500434] 
Date: Wed, 14 Dec 2016 12:36:50 +0000 
Attachments: Aircraft_Specs.DOC 
Embedded: mime-attachment 
Inline-Images: image001.png; image002.png 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Nelson, Michael" 1.
1111~ 
Date: December 14, 2016 a 
: : 
To: Darren Ind ke 
Cc: La 
, Rob DiCastri 
Claire Brugirard 
, "Krishnan N. V." 
, "Marrinan, Joseph" 
Subject: RE: BBJ SN 30884 ICC-MERO.FID1500434I 
, "Ashok Kumar" 
, Husham Osman 
, "Bisset,Mark" 
"Mehta, Natasha" 
Dear Darren, 
Thank you for your email, that's noted. 
In the meantime and for completeness, please find attached the updated aircraft specs (with the details for the 3rd engine 
now inserted) and the inspection scope. 
Kind regards, 
Mike 
Michael Nelson 
Senior Associate I Clyde & Co 
Direct Dial: +971 4 384 4347 l Mobile: 
—4 
Ir 
PO Box 7001 l Rolex Tower I Sheikh Zayed Road I Dubai. UAE 
Main +971 4 384 4000 I Fax +971 4 384 4004 I www.clydeco.com 
Winner, Law Firm of the Year 2016, The lawyer 
Follow us on twitter @AviationClydeCo
Airline Economics Law Firm of the Year (2016) 
Who's Who Legal Aviation Firm of the Year 2005 - 2016 
EFTA00663825
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Darren Indyke 
Sent: 13 December 2016 01:02 
To: Nelson, Michael 
Cc: Larry; Rob DiCastri; Ashok Kumar; Claire Brugirard; Husham Osman; Krishnan N. V.; Bisset,Mark; Marrinan, Joseph; 
Mehta, Natasha 
Subject: Re: BBJ SN 30884 [CC-MERO.FID1500434] 
mailto: 
Mike: 
Thank you for your email. There is to be a board meeting next Tuesday, so I do not anticipate having an 
answer until after the Christmas holiday. Unfortunately, I don't believe we will be able to have a signed 
contract before the December 18 commencement date. We will have to address this after the holiday. 
Regards, 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: (212) 971-1314 
Telecopi r• 
Mobile 
email: 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - m 2016 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC — All rights reserved. 
On Dec 12, 2016, at 10:59 AM, Nelson, Michael 
Dear Darren, 
wrote: 
Further to the emails below, can you please confirm whether the Aircraft Purchase Agreement is now agreed (subject to 
the insertion of the aircraft specs and the inspection scope)? 
For reference, please find attached the aircraft specs provided by Royal Jet (note that information on times and cycles 
still needs to be provided in relation to the 3rd engine). The inspection scope will follow. 
In order that we don't lose the spot with Etihad, is the Purchaser able to confirm to Etihad that the Purchaser will be 
proceeding with the inspection on 18 December? 
Looking forward to finalising the Aircraft Purchase Agreement and proceeding to signing and inspection. 
Kind regards, 
EFTA00663826
--- PAGE 3 ---
Mike 
Michael Nelson 
Senior Associate I Clyde & Co 
Direct Dial: +971 4 384 4347 I Mobile: 4 
<image001..png> 
PO Box 7001 I Rolex Tower I Sheikh Zayed Road I Dubai. UAE 
Main +971 4 384 4000 I Fax +971 4 384 4004 Iwww.clydeco.com
Winner, Law Firm of the Year 2016, The Lawyer 
<image002.png> Follow us on twitter @AyiationClydeCo
Airline Economics Law Firm of the Year (2016) 
Who's Who Legal Aviation Firm of the War 2005 - 2016 
From: Nelson, Michael [mailtcl
Sent: 07 December 2016 16:31 
To: 'Darren Indyke' 
Cc: 'Larry'; 'Rob DiCastri'; 'Ashok Kumar; 'Claire Brugirard'; 'Husham Osman'; 'Krishnan N. V.'; Bisset,Mark; Marrinan, 
Joseph; Mehta, Natasha 
Subject: RE: BB3 SN 30884 [CC-MERO.FID1S00434] 
Dear Darren, 
Further to the emails below, we have now discussed the points raised with Royal Jet. 
To keep matters moving forward, please find attached a revised draft of the Aircraft Purchase Agreement (in clean and 
red-line against the last draft) (which remains subject to the further review of Royal Jet). 
Please note the following: 
1. Section 1.2: Royal Jet have agreed that all 3 engines may undergo the boroscopic examinations at the same 
time prior to the main pre-purchase inspection. Royal Jet will require that, at the least, those examinations follow 
the inspection process for the aircraft itself in that the engines should be accepted if they are in the Delivery 
Condition (rather than there being a wider discretion). Note that Royal Jet are incurring costs in grounding two 
aircraft to complete these examinations and potential swaps and that the inspection process is already in the 
Purchaser's favour given it is rare there is no discrepancy requiring rectification. 
2. Section 3(c): Royal Jet accepts that the Purchaser will not have complete control over Etihad, so we have made 
the requirement to commence the inspection by 18 December subject to the availability of Etihad. As a general 
point, it is important that we finalise the Aircraft Purchase Agreement and confirm this slot quickly so we do not 
lose it. 
3. Section 3(d): Boroscopic examinations of the engines are now excluded from the main pre-purchase inspection 
given they will already have been carried out. 
4. Section 3(e): Royal Jet will permit further flight tests to be carried out, but if they are not necessary as per 
manufacturer's maintenance manual for release to service then the Purchaser should pay for them. 
5. Section 3(f): Royal Jet has agreed to remove the time limit on provision of the inspection report (so it will simply 
be provided "as soon as is reasonably practicable"). 
6. Section 14(a): Given we have not made any progress in inserting an actual amount for the combined single limit, 
in order to move this forward, we have simply made reference to a market standard amount. 
7. Section 15(f): We have corrected the typos referenced below. 
We will forward the aircraft specs and inspection scope to you once received from Royal Jet. Once those are inserted, 
we should be able to put the Aircraft Purchase Agreement into execution form and proceed with signing. 
We look forward to hearing from you. 
Kind regards, 
Mike 
EFTA00663827
--- PAGE 4 ---
Michael Nelson 
Senior Associate I Clyde & Co 
Direct Dial: +971 4 384 4347 I Mobile: 
PO Box 7001 1 Rolex Tower I Sheikh Zayed Road I Dubai, UAE 
Main +971 4 384 40001 Fax +971 4 384 4004 Iwww.clydeco.com
<image001 png> 
<image002.png> Follow us on twitter (diAviationClydeCo
From: Nelson, Michael 
Sent: 06 December 2016 23:39 
To: 'Darren Indyke' 
Cc: Larry; Rob DiCastri; Ashok Kumar; Claire Brugirard; Husham Osman; Krishnan N. V.; Bisset,Mark; Marrinan, Joseph; 
Mehta, Natasha 
Subject: RE: BB) SN 30884 [CC-MERO.FID1500434] 
Dear Darren, 
Thank you for your email. 
We'll discuss with Royal Jet and revert to you as soon as possible. 
For good order, we have noted that there is a typo in Section 15(f) (notices) with Royal Jet being referred to as the 
Purchaser and Plan D being referred to as the Seller, which will need to be corrected. 
Kind regards, 
Mike 
Michael Nelson 
Senior Associate I Clyde & Co 
Direct Dial: +971 4 384 4347 I Mobile: 
<image001 png> 
PO Box 7001 1 Rolex Tower I Sheikh Zayed Road I Dubai, UAE 
Main +971 4 384 40001 Fax +971 4 384 4004 Iwww.clydeco.com
<image002.png> Follow us on twitter e@AviationClydeCo
From: Darren Indyke 
Sent: 06 December 2016 03:18 
To: Nelson, Michael 
Cc: Larry; Rob DiCastri; Ashok Kumar; Claire Brugirard; Husham Osman; Krishnan N. V.; Bisset,Mark; Mardnan, Joseph; 
Mehta, Natasha 
Subject: Re: 
SN 30884 [CC-MERO.FID1500434] 
mailto: 
Mike: 
Please note the following comments in response to your email below and your attached revisions: 
1. 
Engine Selection. If I understand it correctly, your revised draft provides for conducting boroscopic 
examinations of the two engines, E1A and El B, prior to the pre-purchase inspection, but not to have the 
boroscopic examination of Engine 2 until the pre-purchase inspection. In addition, your draft requires the 
results of the inspections to be used to decide between the engines El A and El B but not to serve as a basis to 
reject or require correction of any discrepancies noted with respect to the selected engine. In response, we 
believe It makes good sense to conduct the boroscopic examination of all three engines at the same time, prior 
to the pre-purchase inspection. Moreover, while we agree that the results of the inspection should aid Plan D in 
its selection between the two Engines, ElA or El B, 1 that may be included with the purchase, the results of the 
inspections of all three engines should also serve as a basis to reject the entire transaction or to require the 
correction of discrepancies. With regard to the rejection of the transaction based on the results of the 
boroscopic examination, this is the one area in which Plan D requires discretion to determine whether or not to 
EFTA00663828
--- PAGE 5 ---
proceed with the transaction, regardless of whether the results are deemed to create an actual airworthiness 
issue. This decision will be made following the engine boroscopic examination, prior to the pit-purchase 
inspection, so there would be no prejudice to Royal Jet in Plan D having such discretion. 
2. 
Follow-Up Flight Tests in Section 3(e). In addition to any follow up flights that may be required in 
accordance with the provisions of your revised Section 3(e), whether or not required by the maintenance 
manual, Plan D requires a final follow-up flight of not more than 1 hour in duration after work is done to 
ensure that no issues have arisen from the completed work, including for example noise or vibration issues, etc. 
3. 
Sections 3(c) and 3(f) - the timing requirements of these two provisions are not within the total control 
of Plan D. Plan D will take reasonable efforts to ensure a Dec 18 start date, and the delivery of an inspection 
report within 5 business days after the completion of the pre-purchase inspection, but it cannot contractually 
guarantee it, as it does not control Etihad. 
4. 
I am asking that both the Spec sheet for the Aircraft and the Scope of the C 1 inspection be 
independently submitted to me and be attached to the contract so that i may confirm a meeting of the minds 
between the Seller and Purchaser as to content of both. 
I look forward to your reply. 
Best, 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: (212) 971-1314 
Telecopier: (646) 350-0378 
Mobile 
email: EIM 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - m 2016 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC — All rights reserved. 
************** 
On Dec 5, 2016, at 4:14 AM, Nelson, Michae 
Dear Darren, 
vrote: 
Further to the emaits below and to move matters forward, please find attached a revised draft of the Aircraft Purchase 
Agreement (in clean and red-line). 
Please note the following points: 
EFTA00663829
--- PAGE 6 ---
• 
Engine Selection: We have included wording in Section 1.2 on the boroscopic examinations and the selection 
of either engine MSN 876170 or engine MSN 888148. 
• 
Purchase Price Reduction: At the end of Section 5, we have included the US$100,000 discount should closing 
occur on or prior to 31 December 2016. Note that the closing may still occur after this date, but without the 
purchase price reduction. 
• 
Insurance: In Section 14, please check with your insurers I operator and let us know the level of the combined 
single limit that the aircraft will be insured for (we expect that will be sufficient for Royal Jet). 
We look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible in order that we may finalise the Aircraft Purchase Agreement. 
Kind regards, 
Mike 
Michael Nelson 
Senior Associate I Clyde & Co 
Direct Dial: +971 4 384 4347 I Mobile 
PO Box 7001 I Rolex Tower I Sheikh Zayed Road I Dubai, UAE 
Main +971 4 384 4000 I Fax +971 4 384 4004 Iwww.clydeco.com
<image001.png> 
<image004.png>Fonow us on twitter @AviationClydeCo
From: Nelson, Michael [mailto 
Sent: 27 November 2016 18:44 
To: 'Darren Indyke' 
Cc: Rob DiCastri; Claire Brugirard; Husham Osman; Ashok Kumar; Bisset,Mark; Marrinan, Joseph; Mehta, Natasha 
Subject: RE: BB] SN 30884 [CC-MERO.FID1S00434] 
Dear Darren, 
Thank you for your email. 
Noted in relation to the inspection location, we are taking our client's instructions on that and I understand our respective 
clients will speak direct on the point. 
In relation to the other points which you think the Purchaser can "work through", can you please let us have your 
response in relation to each of the specific points raised so Royal Jet is clear on the Purchaser's position? In particular, 
what is the Purchaser's position on proceeding to delivery and closing by the end of the year? 
As an additional point, it would also be helpful to understand what the Purchaser's position now is in relation to the 
engine change. If that is to be done, it would need to be done in Abu Dhabi (given one of Royal Jet's other aircraft needs 
to be grounded to accomplish that). 
We look forward to hearing from you. 
Kind regards, 
Mike 
Michael Nelson 
Senior Associate C de & Co 
Direct Dial: 
I Mobile: 
<image001 png> 
PO Box 7001 I Rolex Tower I Sheikh Zayed Road I Dubai, UAE 
Main +971 4 384 40001 Fax +971 4 384 4004 Iwww.clydeco.com 
<image004.png>Fonow us on twitter @AviationClydeCo
From: Darren Indyke [mailto:
Sent: 24 November 2016 19:26 
To: Marrinan, Joseph 
EFTA00663830
--- PAGE 7 ---
Cc: Nelson, Michael; Rob DiCastri; Claire Brugirard; Ilusham Osman; Ashok Kumar; Bisset,Mark; Mehta, Natasha 
Subject: Re: BB) SN 30884 [CC-MERO.FID1500434] 
Thank you for your email. We should be able to work through all of your requirements except that the location 
of the pre-buy at Jet Aviation in Basel remains a requirement by Purchaser. As indicated in my draft we will 
pay for repositioning and will be happy to discuss any other concerns you may have regarding the pre-buy's 
location. I look forward to hearing from you and moving forward. 
Best, 
Darren Indyke. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 23, 2016, at 2:31 PM, Marrinan, Josepl-
Dear Darren, 
wrote: 
I work with Mike and I am following up on this matter. Royal Jet have discussed the matter internally 
and have the following comments (which numerically correspond to the points raised in the 
"additional comments" list of your email of 17 November): 
1- The Purchase Price was agreed at US $17,500,000.00 on the understanding and agreement that 
the Pre-Purchase Inspection take place at Etihad Airways Engineering, Abu Dhabi, International 
Airport, United Arab Emirates (or such other facility that is located in the United Arab Emirates). This 
remains Royal Jet's position. 
2- It was agreed that Royal Jet would deliver the two auxiliary fuel tanks as part of the Agreement. It 
was not agreed that Royal Jet would also deliver all parts, components and materials necessary to 
install the fuel tanks on the Aircraft. This remains the position. 
3- Royal Jet agreed to deliver the Aircraft, albeit under no obligation to do so, configured and 
equipped as required by, and otherwise in full compliance with the requirements of, FAA STC 
ST9766SC-D. Royal Jet did not commit to delivering a 19 seat configuration STC. Again this 
remains the position. 
Notwithstanding the above, and in effort to progress this matter, Royal Jet would be willing to 
discount the Purchase Price by US $100,000.00 on the understanding that the following conditions 
are met / agreed by your client: 
a) the Aircraft Sale and Purchase Agreement is signed by 28 November; 
b) the Pre-Purchase Inspection takes place as previously agreed (i.e. it takes place in the UAE); 
c) the fuel tanks are delivered in an "as is, where is" basis (Royal Jet will have no obligation to 
deliver any equipment or parts necessary to install the fuel tanks on the Aircraft); 
d) Escrow Agent fees are for the account of your client; and 
e) the transaction completes by 31 December (whether the Pre-Purchase Inspection / rectifications 
are completed or not). 
EFTA00663831
--- PAGE 8 ---
If the deadline of 31 December is not met for whatever reason, the reduction of the Purchase Price 
by US $100,000.00 would cease to be available but the transaction could still complete. However in 
such an instance the transaction would still be subject to the conditions set out at a) — d) above. 
If this proposition is agreeable to your client, we can circulate a revised draft of the Aircraft Sale and 
Purchase Agreement accordingly. 
Kind regards 
Joe 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Nelson, Michael 
Sent: Wednesday, 23 November 2016 18:40 
To: Darren Indyke 
Cc: Rob DiCastri; Claire Brugirard; Husham Osman; Ashok Kumar; Bisset,Mark; Marrinan, Joseph; Mehta, Natasha 
Subject: Re: BB) SN 30884 [CC-MERO.FID1S00434] 
Dear Darren, 
Thank you for your email below. 
Royal let discussed this matter yesterday at board level and we will respond shortly with their position. We 
were not able to respond immediately given there have been some changes in the Purchaser's commercial 
proposal since the last draft of the Aircraft Purchase Agreement which required consideration and 
discussion. 
Royal let remains committed to proceed quickly with this transaction. 
Kind regards, 
Mike 
Michael Nelson 
Clyde & Co 
Dubai, UAE 
Mob 
From: Darren Indyke 
Sent: Wednesday, November 23, 2016 1:11 PM 
To: Nelson, Michael 
Subject: Re: BB] SN 30884 [CC-MERO.FID1S00434] 
Mike, 
Please update me regarding comments. The Thanksgiving holiday begins tomorrow and office will be closed. 
Let's move this forward. Thanks. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 21, 2016, at 11:49 AM, Nelson, Michael 
Dear Darren, 
vrote: 
EFTA00663832
--- PAGE 9 ---
Email received, thank you. 
Royal Jet are discussing internally (and have a board meeting tomorrow to consider the points raised). 
Kind regards, 
Mike 
Michael Nelson 
Clyde & Co 
Dubai, UAE 
Mob: - 
From: Darren Indyke 
Sent: Monday, November 21, 2016 4:46 PM 
To: Nelson, Michael 
Cc: Larry; Rob DiCastri; Claire Brugirard; Ashok Kumar; Husham Osman; Bisset,Mark; Marrinan, Joseph; Mehta, 
Natasha 
Subject: Re: BB) SN 30884 [CC-MERO.FID1500434] 
Mike, 
I wanted to make certain that you received my email below. Can you please confirm receipt. Also, do you 
have a sense of when you will be able to discuss this with your team and get back to me with a response? 
Please let me know. Thank you. 
Best, 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: (212) 971-1314 
Telecopia.1 
Mobile: 
email: 
********************* 
******************* 
************* 
******* *************************** 
*************** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - © 2016 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC — All rights reserved. 
************************* 
************************************************************** 
**************** 
On Nov 17, 2016, at 3:34 PM, Darren Indyke c 
wrote: 
EFTA00663833
--- PAGE 10 ---
Please see a revised draft of the purchase agreement attached, along with a redlined pdf of the same. 
Please note the following incorporated in the draft: 
1. Plan D accepts a June 30, 2017 compliance date for the ADs and SBs in Section 2(a)(v) 
2. Please see the proposed compromise language for the Delivery condition in Section 2(a)(viii) relating to 
material damage history and corrosion. 
3. We appreciate your acceptance of the language in former Section 2(a)(xi), now 2(a)(xiii) 
4. I have incorporated language in Section 3(d) based on your latest comments. 
5. We appreciate your acceptance of 3 hours in Section 3(e). I have again deleted the language about 
limiting any subsequent flight tests to what may be necessary in the maintenance manual. Under many 
circumstances this would be acceptable, but Purchaser still requires some flexibility for unforeseen issues. 
As long as the request for a follow up test flight is reasonably necessary to ensure correction of the 
Discrepancy, you will be able to argue if Purchaser is being unreasonable. The likelihood is that the parties 
will work together to do what's right, so the flexible concept of reasonableness would seem to be a logical 
approach. 
6. We accept your comments on Sections 3(g) and (h). 
7. We accept you comments on Section 3(i) 
8. I have have included the "bona fide" language in Section 5(e)(i). 
9. We appreciate your acceptance of the best knowledge rep and warranty and I have incorporated this into 
Section 8(a). 
10. We accept your comments and the language of Section 14. We need to finalize the dollar limits of the 
policy. 
Additional comments: 
I. The team has concluded that the Pre-Purchase Inspection should take place at Jet Aviation in Basel, 
Switzwerland on December 16, 2016 I have made changes to Section 3(a) to address this. The DAR 
correctly pointed out that Purchaser can have no control over the Inspection Facility's commencement of the 
inspection, but we are making arrangements to schedule the Pre-Purchase Inspection for December 16, 
2016. I modified Section 3(c) to provide that Purchaser shall take all reasonable steps to cause the inspection 
facility to commence the inspection by that date. 
2. The DAR has advised that the Purchase Agreement should ensure that included with the aux fuel tanks 
are all the materials, parts and components needed to install the same on the Aircraft. The Purchase 
Agreement should also require that the tanks were removed and have been stored in accordance with the 
manufacturer's maintenance manual requirements, that they are in airworthy condition and will be delivered 
with all parts, components and materials needed to install the tanks and return the Aircraft to service with 
the tanks installed. For your consideration, I have changed the definition of aircraft and added a delivery 
condition 2(a)(x) to address this comment from the DAR. 
EFTA00663834
--- PAGE 11 ---
3. The DAR has advised that in order to be issued a US C of A, the aircraft would have to comply with the 
original FAA STC and not the subsequent EASA STC. For your consideration, I added Delivery Condition 
2(a)(ix) 
4. Section 3(f), Purchaser cannot control the timing of the inspection facility's delivery of the inspection 
report. I have changed Section 3(f) to provide that purchaser shall take all reasonable steps to procure that 
the Inspection Facility provides a written inspection report in relation to the Pre-Purchase Inspection to 
Purchaser and Seller as soon as is reasonably practicable after the completion of the Pre-Purchase 
Inspection. 
5. I spoke with AIC Title about the fee which you suggested might be too high and may include the cost of 
FAA registration for which Royal Jet should not be responsible. AIC Title informs me that the fee it would 
charge for only document handling and title search (i.e., escrowing and disbursing documents, title searches 
at the FAA and IR, and filing any docs with the FAA and IR) would be a total of $400. The bulk of the 
Escrow Fee is attributable to the handling of the money. The portion of the $15K attributable to filing a FAA 
registration would be negligible. 
6. I corrected the section number references in Section 11(c) 
7. I inserted reciprocal carve-outs for gross negligence and willful misconduct in the indemnity provisions 
of Sections 14(b) and (c). 
8. I changed the dates of the documents from October to November. 
9. I made changes to the definition of "Aircraft" to incorporate the materials, parts and components of the 
aux fuel tanks to be consistent with the change to the definition of "Aircraft" made in the whereas clause of 
the Purchase Agreement. 
10. To ensure that all parties are in complete agreement, I would appreciate it if you would send me a 
current Exhibit A and a current Exhibit B. 
Thank you for your patience. I look forward to your reply. 
Best, 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: (212) 971-1314 
Telecop 
Mobile: 
email: 
***************** 
********************************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00663835
--- PAGE 12 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - C 2016 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC — All rights reserved. 
On Nov 7, 2016, at 8:48 AM, Nelson, Michael 
wrote: 
Dear Darren, 
Thank you for your email. 
Please see below Royal Jet's position in green and upper case. 
We look forward to receiving your comments and the updated draft of the Aircraft Purchase Agreement. 
We will send an updated Schedule A to you once received from Royal Jet. 
Kind regards, 
Mike 
Michael Nelson 
Senior Associate I Clyde & Co 
Direct Dial: +971 4 384 4347 I Mobile: 
PO Box 7001 I Rolex Tower I Sheikh Zayed Road I Dubai. UAE 
Main +971 4 384 4000 I Fax +971 4 384 4004 Iwww.clydeco.com
Follow us on 
twitter (,AviationClydoCo
From: Darren Indyke mailtor 
Sent: 05 November 2016 17:54 
To: Nelson, Michael 
Cc: Larry; Rob DiCastri; Claire Brugirard; Ashok Kumar; Husham Osman; Bisset,Mark; Marrinan, Joseph; Mehta, 
Natasha 
Subject: Re: Bal SN 30884 [CC-MERO.FID1500434] 
Mike, 
I have marked my responses in red next to each of your comments below. Once we resolve the issues, I will 
make any finer revisions to the purchase agreement. Also, although I understand that Larry has received a 
Schedule A previously, so that I am clear that we are all working from the same document, would you please 
forward an updated Schedule A to me. I apologize for the delays caused by my own schedule, but I very 
much hope that we can now move this forward as quickly as possible. In addition, as I have only today 
finished with my litigation issues, I have not had time to discuss the matters fully with my client. 
Consequently, your draft is subject to further review and comment from Plan D, LLC. 
I will look forward to hearing from you when you return early next week. 
Best, 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
EFTA00663836
--- PAGE 13 ---
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: (212) 971-1314 
Telecopier: 
378 
Mobile: 
email: 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - C 2016 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC — All rights reserved. 
On Oct 20, 2016, at 2:42 PM, Nelson, Michael 
wrote: 
Dear Darren, 
Thank you for your email below. 
Please find attached a revised draft of the Aircraft Purchase Agreement (in clean and red-line).
Please note the following comments: 
1. Section 2(a)(v): Royal Jet can't agree to rectify prior to delivery ADs and SBs with a compliance date far in the 
future. As a compromise, they can agree to rectify prior to delivery those ADs and SBs with a compliance date 
on or before 31 December 2016.If an AD or an SB is issued. it affects the value of the aircraft. regardless of 
when it is repaired. There is a limit of S500K, so you have adequate protection against payment of amounts 
greater than a threshold beyond which you have discretion as to whether or not to proceed without impunity. 
So, I believe it is unfair to limit a time frame. That being said, Purchaser will agree that the Delivery Condition 
will require addressing all ADs and SBs issued prior to closing with compliance deadlines on or before 
December 31, 2017 So, if an AD or SB is issued prior to closing and its compliance date is any time on or 
before December 31, 2017, it is a discrepancy and requires correction, subject to the S500K 
threshold. ROYAL JET WILL ACCEPT MANDATORY ADS AND MANDATORY SBS WITH A COMPLIANCE 
DATE ON OR BEFORE 30 JUNE 2017, WHICH IS AS MUCH AS A SELLER IS LIKELY TO ACCEPT 
(GENERALLY, 3 RATHER THAN 6 MONTHS WOULD BE MORE COMMON). REQUIRING COMPLIANCE 
OVER ONE YEAR IN THE FUTURE IS NOT ACCEPTABLE. 
2. Section 2(a)(viii): Royal Jet proposes "major damage history outside manufacturers tolerances". This also does 
not work for me. Because the implication from this language is that there is non-major damage history outside 
of manufacturer's tolerances. Anything outside of manufacturer's tolerances is unacceptable. Why can we not 
just leave it as no material damage history? Frankly, if some material damage history is found during 
document inspection that we were unaware of, I need the purchaser to have a little flexibility. ROYAL JET 
CAN AGREE TO "NO MATERIAL DAMAGE HISTORY". FOR CLARITY, WE COULD INCLUDE SOME 
LANGUAGE ALONG THE LINES OF THE FOLLOWING TO STATE THAT THE FOLLOWING SHOULD BE 
EXCLUDED: "SCRATCHES, DENTS, REPAIRS CARRIED OUT AS PER MANUFACTURER'S APPROVED 
DOCUMENTATION AND ANY DAMAGE WITHIN MANUFACTURER'S TOLERANCES". 
3. Section 2(a)(xi): The determination by the DAR of the aircraft being able to obtain a US certificate of 
airworthiness is still under consideration by Royal Jet. Notwithstanding the US$500,000 threshold on 
EFTA00663837
--- PAGE 14 ---
rectifications, Royal Jet is not keen to proceed where the extent of those rectifications will be subject to a DAR 
whose guidelines are unknown to Royal Jet I understand that Claire from Royal Jet has been liaising with 
Larry on seeing the aircraft when it is in New York on 26 October. Would it be possible for a DAR to see the 
aircraft then to narrow the issues on this point? It may be helpful for the DAR to do this in order that the 
parties know if there is, in fact, any issue here and can then proceed accordingly. I understand that your team, 
Larry and the DAR are working this. ROYAL JET WILL ACCEPT THIS LANGUAGE. 
4. Section 3(d): Royal Jet are unable to permit the Purchaser's representatives to "participate in" and "assist with" 
the pre-purchase inspection (but they are, of course, welcome to "observe"). This would not be appropriate for 
third parties to do, but there are also legal certification issues to consider. The issue is what it means to 
participate. If I better understood your concerns, I might be able to suggest something. My problem is that we 
will now be dealing with a facility that we do not know. If the Purchaser's representatives or the DAR need 
something done in connection with the inspection, I am not suggesting that the representatives have to 
physically do the work, but I am insisting that they have input on what and how the particular inspection item 
be carried out, particularly where it may relate to a US Airworthiness issue. ROYAL JET CONFIRMS THAT IT 
IS HAPPY FOR PARTICIPATION TO OCCUR PROVIDED THAT DOES NOT AMOUNT TO PHYSICAL 
WORKING ON THE AIRCRAFT. ROYAL JET IS HAPPY FOR INPUT TO BE PROVIDED ON HOW THE 
INSPECTION PROCEEDS SUBJECT TO MUTUAL AGREEMENT WITH THE ROYAL JET ENGINEERS. 
5. Section 3(e): We propose that we compromise on a flight test duration of 2 hours. In addition, further flight tests 
should only be undertaken to check the rectification of discrepancies if that is necessary to evidence such 
rectification pursuant to the manufacturer's maintenance manual. I am informed by the DAR that the flight test 
is to be the Boeing Next Generation Flight Check Profile, which takes approximately 3 hours to complete. So, 
hours is necessary. Moreover, I do not think the purchaser should be required to get into a dispute as to 
whether a follow up test is required. If it is something the purchaser reasonable requires under the 
circumstances, it should be allowed. ROYAL JET ARE NOT AWARE OF THE REQUIREMENT FOR THE 3 
HOUR TEST FLIGHT TO WHICH YOU REFER, BUT WILL, NONETHELESS, ACCEPT 3 HOURS. 
6. Section 3(g) and (h): We have followed the acceptance process set out in the LOI. The Purchaser should not 
have discretion to accept the aircraft regardless of its compliance with the Delivery Condition. Further, if the 
Purchase fails to participate in the acceptance process, it should be deemed to have technically accepted the 
aircraft (subject to rectification of discrepancies). Let's get back to this discretionary issue after we resolve the 
others. As to the non-response equals acceptance point, I cannot accept that. I cannot sanction a provision 
that creates the possibility of the inadvertent technical acceptance of a $17.5 MM aircraft. The whole purpose 
of certificates of acceptance and rejection is for the parties to make their intentions very deliberate and 
clear. ROYAL JETS CONCERN IS THAT THE PURCHASER IS NOT TIED TO THIS DEAL. IF THE 
AIRCRAFT IS IN THE DELIVERY CONDITION OR, FURTHER, IF THE AIRCRAFT IS NOT IN THE 
DELIVERY CONDITION BUT ROYAL JET IS CAPABLE OF RECTIFYING DISCREPANCIES IN FULL AND 
PUTTING THE AIRCRAFT IN THE DELIVERY CONDITION, IT WOULD LIKE THE PURCHASER TO BE 
OBLIGATED TO PURCHASE THE AIRCRAFT (OTHERWISE, ONE OF THE MAIN POINTS OF HAVING THE 
DELIVERY CONDITION REALLY DROPS AWAY). ON THE NON-RESPONSE EQUALS ACCEPTANCE 
(SUBJECT TO RECTIFICATION OF ANY DISCREPANCIES POINT), ROYAL JET SHOULD BE ABLE TO 
DROP THAT PROVIDED SUCH NON-RESPONSE MEANS THE DEPOSIT IS THEN PAYABLE TO ROYAL 
JET (GIVEN THAT WOULD BE A BREACH OF THE PURCHASER'S OBLIGATIONS). 
7. Section 3(i): Royal Jet can't agree to its failure "to agree to" a discrepancy being grounds for termination. 
Classification of discrepancies should be objective. I agree with you that it should be objective. However, if 
Seller won't agree to a discrepancy which is in fact a discrepancy, the Purchaser should not have to wait until 
some time in the future for Seller to fail to correct it. If the Seller won't correct, the Seller should make the 
refusal clear and at that point, if the item is a discrepancy that refusal to agree to correct, and not just a failure 
to correct by the correction deadline, should trigger Purchaser's rights. ROYAL JET CAN'T AGREE WITH 
THIS. DISCREPANCIES SHOULD BE OBJECTIVE. IF THE PURCHASER STATES SOMETHING IS A 
DISCREPANCY (AND ITS NOT) THEN ROYAL JET SHOULD NOT BE IN BREACH BY NOT AGREEING TO 
SOMETHING BEING A DISCREPANCY REGARDLESS OF THE MERIT OF THE PURCHASER'S 
POSITION. 
8. Section 5(e)(i): The provision in relation to the Escrow Agent receiving "notice of any lien, claim or 
encumbrance asserted by any third party" as preventing closing is not acceptable. Liens, claims or 
encumbrances registered with the International Registry is different, but if the Escrow Agent receives an 
unsubstantiated claim from an unknown third party, that should not delay dosing and it is unusual to include a 
provision like this. The Purchaser is, of course, receiving warranties as to title free from liens claims and 
encumbrances from Royal Jet pursuant to the Warranty Bill of Sale. I am sorry to disagree with you about this, 
but this is a provision that I have included in every one of my purchase agreements and has been imposed on 
me by every purchaser with whom I have transacted business. If someone disputes title, there should be 
EFTA00663838
--- PAGE 15 ---
no requirement to close until that is resolved. Purchaser should not have to take subject to some cloud on 
title. WE ARE SURPRISED THAT THIS HAS BEEN IN EVERY AIRCRAFT PURCHASE AGREEMENT WITH 
WHICH YOU'VE BEEN INVOLVED, ITS THE FIRST TIME WE HAVE SEEN SUCH A WIDE RANGING 
PROVISION BE INCLUDED THAT MEANS ANY MERITLESS CLAIM BY AN UNKNOWN THIRD PARTY 
COULD PREVENT CLOSING PROCEEDING. AT THE VERY LEAST, THIS WOULD NEED TO BE 
QUALIFIED TO BE A "BONA FIDE" CLAIM. 
9. Section 8(a) (now deleted): The Purchaser will have an opportunity to inspect the records during the pre-
purchase inspection. Any issues and discrepancies can be raised then, but Royal Jet can't give warranties as 
to condition which survive closing (generally, the only warranties that survive closing in relation to the aircraft 
should relate to title). This is a best of knowledge representation and warranty and not an absolute one. It is 
about whether the records that Seller is presenting to Purchaser for review are accurate and complete. If 
Seller has knowledge that its records are incomplete or inaccurate, Seller is obligated to come forward with 
that information. This is entirely within Seller's control and Purchaser has no ability to detect whether or not 
Seller knowingly failed to disclose a defect in the records. ROYAL JET WILL AGREE TO THIS. 
10. Section 14: We have now included a mirroring indemnity from Royal Jet to Purchaser for issues prior to 
delivery to coincide with the indemnity from the Purchaser to Royal Jet for issues after delivery. That is not 
unusual. In relation to the post-delivery insurances, we'd request that you check with your insurance broker 
that they can comply with this (normally, there is no issue adding another party as an additional insured at no 
cost). From Royal Jet's perspective, it is not uncommon in the aviation industry for a purchaser to arrange for 
a seller to be named as an additional insured as, from a seller's perspective, whilst they usually have the 
benefit of an indemnity, the strength of that indemnity may be limited and, as liabilities arising from aircraft 
accidents to passengers and persons on the ground may be extremely high, a seller will invariably insist on 
insurance protection. A period of two years is the industry norm (the underlying theory being that during this 
period the aircraft will undergo a major overhaul and the possibility of a third party being able to sustain a 
claim against a seller for a post-sale accident is considerably reduced). .'',/ere Purchaser purchasing Seller's 
aircraft for purposes of commercial usage, such as third party charters, I would understand. However, this is 
an aircraft for private use by a single owner. That being said, we will check with the Purchaser's insurers and 
if the insurance can be obtained without additional cost to Purchaser, then the contract can be modified to 
include an insurance obligation, but not an indemnity obligation. THIS REMAINS A REQUIREMENT FOR 
ROYAL JET AND WE LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU. 
Please note that the revised draft remains subject to the further review and comment of Royal Jet. 
We look forward to hearing from you (particularly in relation to point 3 above as this may help progress in relation to 
the DAR / US certificate of airworthiness issue). 
Kind regards, 
Mike 
Michael Nelson 
Senior Associate I Clyde & Co 
Direct Dial: +971 4 384 4347 I Mobile: 
PO Box 7001 I Rolex Tower I Sheikh Zayed Road I Dubai. UAE 
Main +971 4 384 4000 I Fax +971 4 384 4004 Iwww.clydeco.com
Winner, Law Firm of the Year 2016, The Lawyer 
Follow us on 
twitter gAviationClydeCo
Airline Economics Law Firm of the Year (2016) 
Who's Who Legal Aviation Firm of the Year 2005 - 2016 
From: Darren Indyke [mailto• 
Sent: 19 October 2016 02:27 
To: Nelson, Michael 
Cc: Larry; Rob DiCastri; Claire Brugirard 
Subject: Re: BB) SN 30884 [CC-MERO.FID1500434] 
Mike. 
EFTA00663839
--- PAGE 16 ---
Please see below my comments to the last draft of the Purchase Agreement. Please note that in the interest 
of saving time, I am sending the draft to my client (with whom I have not discussed it) at the same time that 
I am sending it to you. The attached revision is therefore subject to further comment and revision after I 
have had an opportunity to discuss it with my client. 
I. Would you please send me directly the most recent version of Exhibit A, which includes a reference to the 
two Auxiliary Fuel Tanks. 
2. I have made certain changes to your revisions imposing limits on the Pre-Purchase Inspection based on 
my consultation with the DAR. They are noted on the attached document. 
3. I have made delivery condition changes as marked on the attached document based on my consultation 
with the DAR as well. 
4. Although I can understand why you would wish to exclude the administrative aspects of FAA registration 
from the purchase agreement, I cannot agree that an FAA Registration qualified aircraft need not be 
delivered. Items which would cause the Aircraft not to qualify are to be considered Discrepancies. 
Ultimately if the cost to achieve that compliance is more than $500K you have the option of walking away 
without reimbursing me. Since you agreed to that Threshold, I believe this requirement is reasonable. 
5. I agree that discrepancies should not be based on aesthetic issues, like the wood. However, my client's 
discretion to accept (with or without Discrepancies to be corrected) or reject, should not be tied to whether 
its reasons qualify as Discrepancies, particularly in light of the unanticipated issues (that were not strictly 
Airworthiness items) already discovered. The incentive not to walk away is already built in because my 
client will be paying for the costs and expenses of the Pre-Purchase Inspection. 
6. In the same way that the Purchaser is required to accept (with or without correction of Discrepancies) or 
reject the aircraft with a notice, the Seller should be required to give notice of its intentions to proceed or not 
after receipt of a technical acceptance certificate. The same two business days notice should apply to the 
Seller after it gets a Certificate of Technical Acceptance. 
7. The imbalance of no warranties other than title and generally no post closing obligations for the Seller but 
a requirement of a continuing indemnity and insurance obligation for the Purchaser is unacceptable. I have 
never agreed to such post closing obligations. 
8. I also noted that you did not wish for Seller to provide any representation as to the truth, accuracy and 
completeness of the Aircraft records. Is there a reason for this? 
9. I will have to discuss your insistence on England and Wales as the governing law. Neither party is a 
citizen of England or Wales and most of the financial risk until closing is on the Purchaser. I have typically 
insisted on Purchaser's jurisdiction for governing law, but will ask about England and Wales. 
I look forward to hearing from you regarding the foregoing and the attached revision. 
Best, 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: (212) 971-1314 
Telecopier: (646) 350-0378 
EFTA00663840
--- PAGE 17 ---
MobileiM 
email: 
Clyde & Co LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales under number OC326539. 
A list of members is available for inspection at its registered office The St Botolph Building,138 
Houndsditch, London, EC3A 7AR. Clyde & Co LLP uses the word "partner" to refer to a member of the 
LLP, or an employee or consultant with equivalent standing and qualifications. Authorised and Regulated by 
the Solicitors Regulation Authority. Qatar Financial Centre Branch licensed by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Authority. 
LEGAL NOTICE: This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you have 
received this message in error, please (a) notify the sender immediately, (b) destroy this email and any 
attachments, and (c) do not use, copy, store and/or disclose to any person this email and any attachments. 
<Aircraft Purchase Agreement (Plan D) (3) (C&C comments).DOC><Aircraft Purchase Agreement (Plan D) (red-line).pdf> 
<Aircraft Specs.DOC> 
EFTA00663841

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663842.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 14 Jun 2017 06:58:33 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 5956.JPG 
Hi Jeffrey, 
How are you? 
EFTA00663842

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663843.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: How To Academy 
To:j <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Yanis Varoufakis on Global Inequality' NEW: Online Business Courses' Slavoj Zizek, Stephen Grosz, 
David Eagleman, Simon Schama, Hamid Karzai. 
Date: Tue, 08 Aug 2017 08:51:52 +0000 
lir 
View this email in your browser 
Newsletter August 2017 
17.10.2017 
Understanding Global 
Inequality and other Big 
Questions 
World-famous economist Yanis Varoufakis 
returns to the how to: Academy stage to 
discuss some of the most important questions 
that face humanity today. Drawing on (his) 
latest book Talking To My Daughter About the 
Economy, written as a personal letter to his 
daughter, Yanis will set out to explain what 
economics is and why it has the power to 
shape our lives. 
EFTA00663843
--- PAGE 2 ---
how to: AUTUMN MAJOR TALKS 
EFTA00663844
--- PAGE 3 ---
02.10.2017 
Afghanistan Now Next Why 
with H.E. Hamid Karzai, Ambassador 
Zalmay Khalilzad, Christina Lamb and 
Yalda Hakim. 
The explosion that rocked Kabul on 1st June. 
inside the secure diplomatic area of the city, was 
the deadliest since the American-led invasion in 
2001. Its purpose: to sow a sense of living on the 
brink of disaster. 
GJ 
;2J 
09.10.2017 
Creativity and Innovation 
with David Eagleman & Dr. Anthony 
Brandt 
An unmissable joint talk by David Eagleman, one 
of the world's leading neuroscientists. and 
bestselling author of the Brain whose TED talk 
has been viewed 1.5m times, together with the 
composer Anthony Brandt. 
05.10.2017 
Freud Lives! Slavoj 2i2ek and Stephen 
Grosz in conversation. 
with Slavoj Ziiek & Stephen Grosz 
We are often told that psychoanalysis is dead. 
Outdated scientifically, in that the Freudian model 
of the mind has been superseded by 
neurobiology: outdated clinically, where the 
talking cure has lost ground to drug treatment or 
behavioural therapy; outdated socially... 
Ifw 
rI 
11.10.2017 
Belonging: The Story of the Jews 1492-
1900 
with Simon Schama 
Join one of our greatest historians to mark the 
publication of the second volume of his history of 
the Jewish people, and hear scenes from its epic 
narrative. 
EFTA00663845
--- PAGE 4 ---
how to: BUSINESS TALKS 
EFTA00663846
--- PAGE 5 ---
14.08.2017 
Major Business Talk Series : Future of 
the Mobile Economy 
with Professor Anindya Ghose 
In this unmissable talk, Professor Ghose from 
New York University. will take us on a journey into 
the mobile marketing revolution of smartphones. 
smarter companies, value-seeking consumers. 
and personalized, curated offers and explain the 
best way to harness the power of mobile data 
and deliver value to consumers. 
07.09.2017 
How to build a `tribe' in any team and 
business, from the founder of the 
obstacle course phenomenon Tough 
Mudder 
Will Dean in conversation with Hannah 
Maclnnes. 
Tough Mudder, the most gruelling obstacle 
course in the world, is a global phenomenon that 
has reinvented camaraderie for the 21st century: 
over 2.5 million people have taken part. In this 
talk the founder Will Dean 
EFTA00663847
--- PAGE 6 ---
20.09.2017 
A Masterclass in Innovation 
with Luis Perez-Breva 
A Masterclass in INNOVATION by MIT research 
scientist Luis Perez-Breva. In this talk Perez-
Breva will explain the doer's approach developed 
over a decade at MIT and internationally in 
workshops, classes, and companies. He shows 
that to start innovating it doesn't require an earth-
shattering idea: all it takes is a hunch. 
27.09.2017 
Technology, Trust and Humanity 
Jonathan Ford in conversation with 
Rachel Botsman 
TED sensation Rachel Botsman with 3.5m views 
comes to the how to: Academy stage to talk 
about one of the biggest social transformations in 
human history with fundamental consequences 
for policy-makers, entrepreneurs and indeed 
everyone. 
EFTA00663848
--- PAGE 7 ---
how to: NEW ONLINE COURSES 
EFTA00663849
--- PAGE 8 ---
Video Sessions I 1 Quiz 160 Mins 
Making Your Mark: How to get ahead in 
your Career 
with Anna Percy-Davis 
Anna will give you some useful tools and tips that 
will help you stand out in an office and ensure 
you are professional right from the start. 
Video Sessions I 1 Quiz 150 Mins 
Act, Talk and Sound Like a Leader 
with Anna Percy-Davis 
Learn to be an effective leader who champions 
their team and turns good work into great work. 
Videos 1 Exercise Booklet 1 120 mins 
How to: Speak with Confidence in 
Public 
with Edie Lush 
Learn to enhance your presence and profile, and 
explore techniques to help you present yourself 
in a more confident and compelling way. 
C. 
C. 
Videos 16 Quizzesl 144 mins 
How to Give a Great Presentation 
with Neil Chalmers 
Learn to create and deliver an effective 
presentation and win over your audience every 
time. A complete Workshop 
EFTA00663850
--- PAGE 9 ---
Copyright © 2017 How To Academy. An rights reserved. 
You are receiving this email because you opted in our website 
http://howtoacademy.com and indicated you wished to receive 
news about courses and offers. 
Our mailing address is: 
How To Academy 
Aldridge Road Villas 
London. England W11 1BL 
United Kingdom 
Add us to your address book 
how to: unsubscribe I update subscription preferences 
EFTA00663851

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663852.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663852.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Valeria Chomsky ct
illi
> 
To: "Jeffrey E." `t
iia> 
Subject: Fwd: Mortgage 
Date: Tue, 08 Aug 2017 02:30:03 +0000 
Attachments: Chomsky_-_Mortgage_documents_(984_Memorial_Drive,_Unit_404)_- 
_RECORDED_(00634582xA4627).pdf; Memo on loan-interestfor condo.docx 
"Memo on loan" has Noam's comments in bold. 
Valeria 
EFTA00663852

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663853.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Barry J. Cohen"
To: "jeevacationggmail.com" <jeevacationggmail.eom> 
Subject: FW: G550 Market 
Date: Wed, 22 Feb 2017 22:20:51 +0000 
Attachments: G550_Market_Overview_113016.pdf: G550_Candidate_Aireraft_113016.pdf; 
G550_Candidate Aircraft PPT 113016-2.pdf 
Here is the overview we recently got from brokers on used G550s. 
From: John Castrucci 
Sent: Wednesday, February 22, 2017 10:33 AM 
To: Barry J. Cohen < 
Cc: Lee Rohde < 
Subject: FW: G550 Market 
Barry 
Attached and below are the previously shared market updates. 
Lee will be sending an update before our 1:45pm. 
I am off to a cyber risk family office presentation. 
Will stop in later to catch up. 
lc 
John M.Castrucci I
Chief Operating Officer I 
Elysium Management, LLC I 
445 Park Avenue Suite 1401, New York, NY 10022 I 
Tel. (646)589-0324 I Cell (201)788-9620 I 
From: John Castrucci 
Sent: Thursday, December 15, 2016 1:38 PM 
To: Brad Wechsler < 
Cc: Joe Avantario < 
; Yvonne Berger <
Subject: G550 Market 
Brad, 
Attached the information on the initial overview of the G550 candidate aircraft in the 2006 - 2008 year of manufacture. 
G550 Market Overview 
This is the overview data on the G550 market with information about the total fleet and information about the aircraft 
currently for sale or lease. 
Lee is preparing a snapshot of the Gulfstream V market so we can see what selling our 2002 GV looks like in today's 
market. The 2002 GV currently has an estimated FMV of 513.250mm. 
While debt today is at approximately 518.6mm, you may recall we will be paying down 55.475mm in March 2017, leaving 
net debt at approximately $13.125mm. 
EFTA00663853
--- PAGE 2 ---
We learned that the next significant airframe inspection (approx. cost of Simm) is approximately 27 months from 
December 2016. Thus we are looking at a significant inspection in March of 2019. 
This should not cause any price adjustments if we are selling the 2002 GV in today's market. If we are selling in 1 to 1 % 
years from now that will most likely impact the selling price. 
G550 Candidate Aircraft 
The table is used to compare candidate aircraft. This information was gathered by reviewing the listing sheet information 
provided by the brokers and information provided by AMSTAT an industry database service. 
I have asked Lee to add our 2002 GV so we can see a side by side comparison. Lee is also calling brokers to obtain 
approximate pricing on the 2008 G550's. They currently have the aircrafts listed as make an offer. 
G550 Candidate Aircraft PPT 
The Power Point that reflects the five aircrafts interior and exterior pictures. These pictures are again from the available 
listing information. These pictures are often not accurate representations of the current condition but should represent 
the overall look and feel of the aircraft. 
I have also requested from Lee to see if he can obtain the drawings of the cabin configuration so that Leon can evaluate 
the cabin design that fits Leon's needs best. For example, the 2007 G550 #5173 has a configuration known as double 
divans. This configuration is most suited for European travel. 
I printed hard copies for you including pictures of Leon's plane. I will provide updated information by tomorrow 
morning on additional data I requested. 
Jc 
John M.Castrucci 
Chief Operating Officer I 
Elysium Management, LLC 
445 Park Avenue Suite 1401, New York, NY 10022 I 
Tel. (646)589-0324 )Cell (201)788-9620 I 
EFTA00663854

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663855.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Barry J. Cohen" 
To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: Fwd: 
Date: Wed, 22 Feb 2017 22:15:53 +0000 
Attachments: Gulfstream G650 Brochure.pdf 
Switching to my Elysium email. 
The broker noted that Leon's GS could be sold for around $12-13MM. There are some earlier vintage GSSO's that can 
probably be purchased for $23MM-ish. This would be a $10MM-ish upsize. But not as nice as your 6550 or G650. 
Just tried phoning you, but I gather you are traveling. I'd like your perspective on a couple of things, including whether it 
is advisable for Leon to charter the plane more. 
Let me know when is good to talk. 
From: Jeffrey E. Imallto:Jeevacation@gmall.comJ 
Sent: Wednesday, February 22, 2017 5:04 PM 
To: Leon Black; Barry J. Cohen 
Subject: Fwd: 
i enclosed the brochure for the newest of planes. it will depreciate rapidly , but assuming you keep it for ten 
years. the best out there. as i said torn pritker is selling his before delivery. so brand new . not sure of price. 
if interested you should call him direct. 
Forwarded me 
From: Barry J. Cohen 
Date: Wed, Feb 22, 201 a 
: 
Subject: RE: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Just had a meeting with the brokers today on this subject. Will confirm financing. 
From: Jeffrey E. [mallto:jeeation@ tgn
 mo]
Sent: Wednesday, February 22, 2017 4:51 PM 
To: Barry J. Cohen 
Subject: 
leon is thinking of a new plane could you ask the bank what financing he could get on a 2013 550 for 30 m 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00663855
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom 
they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities 
other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender 
and delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom 
they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities 
other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender 
and delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA00663856

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663857.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Creative Innovation 2017 Asia Pacific
To: Jee <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Jee, 2017 Scholarships launched, get your Earlybird tickets before FYE and save 
Date: Wed, 14 Jun 2017 04:10:01 +0000 
Creative Innovation 2016 
Vn T 
Pit I i Pi nn 
4=1 
Creative subscribe 
View
• 40+ global speakers, 3 day conference, master 
lasses, deep conversation, hot spots, gala dinner 
nd grand debate 
• Deep Conversation from $160 & Master Classes 
rom $260 
Launching Ci2017 Scholarships 
"Things are getting better and better and worse and worse, faster and 
faster, simultaneously." Tom Atlee 
We are thrilled to share with you that Ci2017 Scholarship 
applications are now open! We are inviting applications from emerging 
leaders, innovators, social and for-profit entrepreneurs to win a scholarship 
place to Creative Innovation 2017 Asia Pacific. 
Read the Ci2017 Scholarship Launch Media Release 
Scholarship winners will receive prizes to the value of $10,000. 
Read more here 
Applications are now open and close on Monday 31st July 2017 
Visit and share our scholarships page to apply and browse  the guidelines. 
Gr 
Ph. 
EFTA00663857
--- PAGE 2 ---
Purchase  your Ci2017 Early Bird tickets 
before the financial  year and save! 
Human Intelligence 2.0 
Thriving in the Age of Acceleration 
Join world changing innovators, disruptors, futurists, thought leaders and 
curious souls gathered together in an interactive community. Creative 
Innovation 2017 Asia Pacific is the premiere conference for anyone who 
cares about creativity, innovation, leadership, change and transformation. 
You will join with directors, leaders and emerging talent from many of 
Australia's and the world's major organisations, State and Federal 
Government departments, Universities and entrepreneurs across all sectors. 
• Deep Conversation - $150 
• Master Classes - $260 
• Gala Dinner - $225 
• 1 Day conference pass - $1,180 
• Special Platinum, Gold and Silver Early Bird packages 
Would you like to partner with Ci2017? 
We are delighted to welcome the Department of Defence, BHP Billiton, 
Woodside, Arthur J Gallagher, University of Melbourne, the Australian 
Taxation Office, Deakin University, Fletcher Building and others as partners 
for Ci2017. There are a host of incredible opportunities to partner with us 
on this world class innovation event. 
We would love to co-create and partner with you for Creative Innovation 
Asia Pacific 2017 and beyond. This is a great way to showcase your 
creativity, thought leadership and innovation strategy and provide 
professional learning and development to your leaders, stakeholders, clients 
and emerging talent. If you are interested in becoming a partner or creative 
collaborator for the upcoming conference, please contact: 
Tania de Jong AM 
Founder and Executive Producer 
Tel: +61 (0)3 8679 6000 
Email: 
Alrick Pagnon 
Creative Innovation Leader 
Tel: +61 (0)3 8679 6000 
Email: 
Deep 
Conversation 
Nurturing 
deal, Inspiring 
'finds, Creating 
utures 
EFTA00663858
--- PAGE 3 ---
In case you missed it we encourage you to watch and share the short 
Ci2016 highlights 
Be inspired and learn from 300+ talks from  previous events  please visit 
CiTV 
To keep the conversation going: 
• Follow us on twitter 
• Like us on Facebook 
• Join our LinkedIn group 
We look forward to seeing you at C12017 November 13-15, 2017 for an 
important future-shaping event! 
Daniel Kraft (USA) at Ci2016 -
The Future of Health & Medecine 
EFTA00663859
--- PAGE 4 ---
Dr. Daniel Kraft is a Stanford and Harvard trained physician-scientist, 
inventor and entrepreneur. He has over 25 years of experience in clinical 
practice, biomedical research and healthcare innovation. Dr. Kraft is the 
inventor of the MarrowMiner, an FDA approved device for the minimally 
invasive harvest of bone marrow, and founded RegenMed Systems, a 
company developing technologies to enable adult stem cell based 
regenerative therapies. In this talk Daniel outlines the role technology can 
play in the future of healthcare. From drones being used to deliver medical 
drugs to our phones capable of mapping our mental state. Watch Daniel 
Kraft's Talk at Ci2016 
we Innovation TV 
r
orate Event of the year (Eventex Awards) 
t Testimonials 
EFTA00663860
--- PAGE 5 ---
!") 
Piroudly supported by it 
Creative Universe 
g'Register online or call 
+61 (03) 9645 9858 
;;Branding by: Saltree 
Forward to a friend I Update profile I Unsubsaibe I View email in browser 
EFTA00663861

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663862.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663862.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Michael Ross 
To: "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com>, Richard Kahn < 
Rodriquez 
Subject: Palms have arrived to GSJ 
Date: Mon, 19 Jun 2017 18:40:48 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_0524.JPG; IMG_0523.JPG 
>, Ann 
4f 4f 4f 4f 4f. 4f. 
Michael Ross
i 
EFTA00663862

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663863.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663863.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: hello! 
Date: Fri, 15 May 2009 17:08:55 +0000 
Yes 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 15, 2009, at 12:58 PM, 
aa 
wrote: 
> I just walked by your place on 71st and 5th. Is that still your home? 
> Sent from my iPhone using m•Box Mail - http://mboxmail.corn/ 
> On 2009-05-15 12:38:50 -0400 Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
> wrote: 
>> of course//// he's great and super smart 
» On Fri, Ma 15, 2009 at 12:35 PM, 
wrote: 
>> 
>>> Yeah, I know. I read about it. But I still like him. He was so, so 
>» genuine 
>>> with me. I'd love it if you'd call him on my behalf!! I 
>» appreciate it. 
>» 
>>> Sent from my iPhone using m•Box Mail - http://mboxmail.corn/ 
>» 
>» 
>» 
>>> On 2009-05-15 12:30:12 -0400 Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
>» wrote: 
>» 
>>» 
>>>> his company is in new york „ i will call him and give him your e 
>>» mail 
>» lapo 
>>>> elkmann„ he also got in trouble „ he was found with a 
>>» transvestite,in 
>» his 
>>>> bed , and he had overdosed 
>>» On Fri, May 15, 2009 at 12:19 PM, 
>>»> 
>» wrote: 
>>» 
>»» Ahhh. Nice. I'm glad! Do you know how to get in touch with 
EFTA00663863
--- PAGE 2 ---
>»» Lapo? I 
>» have 
>>>>> wanted to reach out to him for a while, but have no way of 
>»» getting in 
>» touch 
>»» with him now. 
>>>» 
>>>>> Sent from my iPhone using m•Box Mail - http://mboxmail.corn/ 
>>>» 
>>>» 
>>>» 
>>>>> On 2009-05-15 12:16:19 -0400 Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com 
»»>> 
>»» wrote: 
>>>» 
>>>>» 
>>»» palm beach,,, I'm teriffic 
>>>>» 
>>>>» On Fri, May 15, 2009 at 11:40 AM, 
>>>>» > 
>>>» wrote: 
>>>>» 
>>>>>>> So, where are you and how are YOU? 
>>>>>» 
>>>>>>> Sent from my iPhone using m•Box Mail - http://mboxmail.corn/ 
>>>>>» 
>>>>>» 
>>>>>» 
>>>>>>> On 2009-05-15 11:31:44 -0400 Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com 
>>>>>» > 
>>>>>» wrote: 
>>>>>» 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>> well now that you are taken, what friend. do you have for 
>>>>>>» me„ you 
>» and 
>»» i 
>>>>>>» share the same taste 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>» On Fri, May 15, 2009 at 11:03 AM, 
>>>>>>» > 
>>>>>» wrote: 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» A few more pictures... ;-) 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>»* 
>>>>>>>»** 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>» h 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
EFTA00663864
--- PAGE 3 ---
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» --------------
>>>>>>>>> From: 'eevacation a mail.com 
>>>>>»» To: 
>>>>>>>» Subject: Re: hello! 
>>>>>>>» Date: Fri, 15 May 2009 06:55:23 -0400 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» Send photos 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» Sent from my iPhone 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» On May 14, 2009, at 10:14 PM, 
>>>>>>>» > 
>»» wrote: 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» Jeffrey! It's 
>>>>>>>» address a 
>» while 
>>>>>>>>> back. I've been wanting to contact you! How are you? I'm 
>>>>>>>» in NY 
>»» right 
>>>>>» now 
>>>>>>>>> and was just thinking about you. I would love to hear back 
>>>>>>>» from 
>>>>> you... 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» Big Hug. 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>> 
>>>>>» 
>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>>> Hotmail® goes with you. Get it on your BlackBerry or 
>>>>>»» iPhone.< 
>>>>>» 
>>>» 
>>> http://windowslive.corn/Tutorial/Hotmail/Mobile? 
ocid=TXT TAGLM WL HM Tutorial Mobilel 052009 
ave me this e-mail 
EFTA00663865
--- PAGE 4 ---
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>>> Hotmail® has ever-growing storage! Don't worry abo 
>>>>>>>>> ut storage 
>>>>>>>» limits. 
>>>>>>>>> Check 
>>>>>»» it 
>>>>>>>» out.< 
>>>>>» 
>>>» 
>» http://windowslive.comlTutorial/Hotmail/Storage? 
ocid=TXT TAGLM WL HM Tutorial Storagel_052009 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>» 
>>>>>» 
>>>>» 
>>>>» 
>>>» 
>>>» 
>>» 
>>» 
>» 
>» 
EFTA00663866

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663867.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:' 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Sat, 16 May 2009 11:01:57 +0000 
Is your book online? I would like to see it and or speak to you today before you see faith kates at next 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 15, 2009, at 10:49 PM, 
wrote: 
Hehehe cool is she planning to become a pilot? 
I just saw Angels & Demons at the cinema...the book is much better! 
I'll love to see the girl from 
.monday would be perfect. 
Wish u a nice evening! 
Sent via BlacicBerty from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Fri 15 Ma 2009 21:42:06 -0400 
To: 
Subject: 
I spoke to my friend that owns •, 
she will see you „ to at a minimum give you advice and give me 
suggestions.. alsoaaid 
she could shoot you any morning„ she is learning to fly airplanes in the 
afternoon 
EFTA00663867

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663868.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Nick Leese 
Subject: Re: RE: 
Date: Sat, 16 May 2009 11:02:48 +0000 
Sony about Douglas ,what was the last one like 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 16, 2009, at 4:56 AM, "Nick Leese" 4 
My boy, 
wrote: 
How nice to hear from you in Singapore nursing a broken heart ...thought I had found the right one at last but not to 
be. Hows life with you? Dad continues to slip away which is depressing BB is with him in Barbados now.Your god 
daughter is still painting the town red ,James is staying with me he's been in India for 3 months anyway he is finally off to 
university (Bristol° in Sept.Longing to see you again . 
Lots of love. 
Nick 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Friday, May 15, 2009 8:52 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
my boy,,, now where are you 
EFTA00663868

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663869.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Pandora" 
To:jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject:TGIF! 
Date: Sat, 22 Jul 2017 00:14:27 +0000 
Pandora 
F. 
Hello, Weekend 
Say hello to the weekend with Billy Joel 
Radio! Listen Now. 
Billy Joel Radio 
P 
Listen Now 
EFTA00663869
--- PAGE 2 ---
Fb 
,In 
stagr 
T 
witte 
,Yo 
uTub 
bl 
og 
You are currently subscribed to receive email updates from Pandora. 
Unsubscribe I Help I Privacy Policy I View Online 
@ 2017 Pandora Media, Inc., All rights reserved. 
2101 Webster St. Ste. 1650, Oakland, CA 94612 
EFTA00663870

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663871.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: RE: 
Date: Mon, 18 May 2009 10:44:35 +0000 
Perfect 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 18, 2009, at 6:14 AM 
wrote: 
I am going to start with the assistant 
port: 
fax: 
Date: Sat, 16 May 2009 08:06:39 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
or find me a wife.. i;11 pay you one minion euros 
Decouvrez toutes les possibilites de communication avec vos  proches 
EFTA00663871

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663872.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Subject: Re: Deborah Sheridan 
Date: Mon, 18 May 2009 10:47:40 +0000 
Please send prior simms correspondence 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 18, 2009, at 2:40 AM, "Sultan Bin Sulayem"
wrote: 
Dear Jeffery 
This is now a correspondence from Jb Simms I am sure its her as the name Ricky Husain is someone whom I knew in 95 
during her time, I have never saw him since ,which confirms that since she disappeared in the 95 she only knows him 
please advise me how to deal with this 
Sultan 
From: 
To: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Sent: Mon May 18 09:27:42 2009 
Subject: Deborah Sheridan 
Dear Mr. Sulayem, 
I have not heard from your former business partner, Ms. Sheridan, the former Ms. Abiabdallah, since she 
departed from Montana. Evidently her 49% ownership left the remaining 51% being controlled by you, which 
is in no way affiliated with Dubai World. I have no hesitation to discuss this matter with you, or one of your 
associates if you chose to send one to speak with me across a table. I have no knowledge at this time if Ricky 
Hussein, your associate who represented you in San Diego, or any of your associates in the Boston area are still 
actively in the US. If so, and if you trust them to speak with me, have them contact me. I am sure Ms. 
Sheridan shared my information with you. 
You may also contact me through my publisher. My publisher had the misfortune of having the blog on the 
website hacked, and my writings erased. The internet creates cowards, but you will always know how to find 
me. The persons who attacked my writing did not want to face me. 
I look forward to hearing from you. Evidently Ms. Sheridan has disappeared again. 
Jim Simms 
*w*********www**www**www**www**www**www**wwwinscialMER**www**www**www**www**www**www**www** 
******* 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and contain privileged or 
copyright 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy, distribute or use 
this email 
or the information contained in it for any purpose other than to notify us of the receipt 
thereof. 
If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately, and 
delete this 
email from your system. 
EFTA00663872
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please note that e-mails are susceptible to change.The sender shall not be liable for the 
improper 
or incomplete transmission of the information contained in this communication,nor for any 
delay in 
its receipt or damage to your system.The sender does not guarantee that this material is 
free from 
viruses or any other defects although due care has been taken to minimise the risk. 
*WWW**WWW**********************WWW**WWW************WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW******* 
Get the best Criminal Lawyer. Click Here 
EFTA00663873

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663874.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Subject: Re: Deborah Sheridan 
Date: Mon, 18 May 2009 11:00:17 +0000 
Have no more contact 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 18, 2009, at 2:40 AM, "Sultan Bin Sulayem" < 
wrote: 
Dear Jeffery 
This is now a correspondence from Jb Simms I am sure its her as the name Ricky Husain is someone whom I knew in 95 
during her time, I have never saw him since ,which confirms that since she disappeared in the 95 she only knows him 
please advise me how to deal with this 
Sultan 
From: 
To: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Sent: Mon May 18 09:27:42 2009 
Subject: Deborah Sheridan 
Dear Mr. Sulayem, 
I have not heard from your former business partner, Ms. Sheridan, the former Ms. Abiabdallah, since she 
departed from Montana. Evidently her 49% ownership left the remaining 51% being controlled by you, which 
is in no way affiliated with Dubai World. I have no hesitation to discuss this matter with you, or one of your 
associates if you chose to send one to speak with me across a table. I have no knowledge at this time if Ricky 
Hussein, your associate who represented you in San Diego, or any of your associates in the Boston area are still 
actively in the US. If so, and if you trust them to speak with me, have them contact me. I am sure Ms. 
Sheridan shared my information with you. 
You may also contact me through my publisher. My publisher had the misfortune of having the blog on the 
website hacked, and my writings erased. The internet creates cowards, but you will always know how to find 
me. The persons who attacked my writing did not want to face me. 
I look forward to hearing from you. Evidently Ms. Sheridan has disappeared again. 
Jim Simms 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and contain privileged or 
copyright 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy, distribute or use 
this email 
or the information contained in it for any purpose other than to notify us of the receipt 
thereof. 
If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately, and 
delete this 
email from your system. 
EFTA00663874
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please note that e-mails are susceptible to change.The sender shall not be liable for the 
improper 
or incomplete transmission of the information contained in this communication,nor for any 
delay in 
its receipt or damage to your system.The sender does not guarantee that this material is 
free from 
viruses or any other defects although due care has been taken to minimise the risk. 
*WWW**WWW**********************WWW**WWW************WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW******* 
Get the best Criminal Lawyer. Click Here 
EFTA00663875

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663876.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jennie Saunders" <I 
To:  
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 13:19:21 +0000 
They need to get some REAL NEWS ....love u !!!! 
CORE: Jennie Saunders I Founder & Chairman I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 212 486 6600 I Mobile: 
I www.coreaccess.net 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleeyacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, February 25, 2011 08:14 AM 
To: Jennie Saunders 
Subject: Re: 
no sorry„ fyi„ another ny post story 
On Fri, Feb 25, 2011 at 8:11 AM, Jennie Saunders < 
wrote: 
Good morning Honey! Do u know ceo or super someone senior at Chub insurance we can meet ... Want to get 
comp before we sign with chartis 
CORE: Jennie Saunders I Founder & Chairman 166 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 212 486 
6600 I Mobile: 
www.coreaccess.net 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663876

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663877.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 21 Jul 2017 23:41:24 +0000 
Oh, nice to hear from you. I'm doing great! I have you to thank for it. You and Boris have done an exceptional 
thing for me: created an opportunity for me to grow and have control over my life. I no longer have unbearable 
amount of stress and fear. 
The attorney that Boris has recommended did a professional job. After couple years of working with her, my 
case was approved and last year I got my green card. The dozen's of attorneys that I've visited said my case have 
no chance. Alas, my husband(who played crucial part) and I have recently separated because we see our present 
and future differently. In 3,5 years I would be eligible to apply for citizenship. 
Because of your financial support and sponsoring my education at 
I acquired practical skills: After 
I got my work permit, I was able to seat:alas 
software engineer. However, I left that startup few month ago 
to look for a better cultural fit. I live in 
I'm currently preparing for technical interviews and will be 
applying to tech companies in a bay area soon. 
There are other two exciting things that I'm working on: 
I. I'm a member ofateam 
and we are participating in Hyperloop Pod Competition sponsored by 
SpaceX. Everyone in a team is a volunteer. I'm learning tons about how to design embedded systems. In 
January our team won "Innovation" award from SpaceX. Next competition is in a month, but we don't 
have enough skilled people - it is going to be quite challenging. 
2. I recently settled on a business idea. I currently in process of validating it. I think I can work during the 
day as a software engineer and take care of the "business" after work. It's a stepping stone in my 
entrepreneurial carrier. It doesn't require startup capital or skilled team members. But it requires some leg 
work. The idea is not new and already exists on a market but I will figure out how to be different, better 
and take over niche that is still for grabs. The idea is simple: massage therapists on demand with a focus 
on tech companies with 50-500 employees. I've spoken with some office managers/HR people who are 
responsible for employees "happiness", they seems to be kin on the idea of offering massage to their 
employees. I'm in a process of creating web and mobile application to look credible and collect useful 
feedback. I have one committed male masseuse and I'm looking into how to lure female one. 
Unfortunately, I stopped traveling for bridge toumaments(or any traveling for that matter) because my budget 
doesn't allow it. I still have passion for the game and once I save enough, I'll resume my participation. 
That is my life in a nutshell. I hope you and Boris are well and prosper :) 
Thank you for reading, 
On Fri, Jul 21, 2017 at 11:48 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
EFTA00663877
--- PAGE 2 ---
boris and I sitting here talking about you , wondering where and how are you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
WE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663878

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663879.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 13:41:39 +0000 
She is not answering her phone 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663879

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663880.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 13:59:44 +0000 
I am in final completion stage for the healthcare deal with Informa plc for Asia Gateway (China) in Beijing -
therefore there can be no official JPM involvement there. 
My UK company currently trading under Asia Gateway Ltd. will get a change of name (to be decided which 
name) and will be my UK private company for PA etc. affairs. 
I will set up a new China company (name to be decided, similar to UK company name) that will be owned by a 
new Hong Kong holding company (name to be decided). 
Both these companies - UK & China - can be the strategic partners of JPM with board seat, accountancy handled 
by them, and full transparency ? 
Arrangement including both? 
I. DS employed by JPM to be CEO of "Special Situations Group" 
2. DS Director of his private Co in UK & China which has strategic partnership with JPM. 
To answer your question: to give me strongest position in China, a strategic partnership between my Co and JPM 
would be ideal. 
Can we base this model on JPM / Highbridge strategic partnership ? 
In late 2004, 
Morgan Asset Management purchased a majority interest in Highbridge, creating one of the first and most 
significant strategic alliances in the hedge fund industry to-date. In July 2009, J. P. Morgan Asset Management completed 
its purchase of substantially all remaining shares of the firm -- a transaction that remains at the vanguard of the 
institutionalization of the hedge fund industry. 
Following the success of the Highbridge / 
Morgan strategic partnership, Highbridge announced in October 2010 the 
purchase of a majority interest in Gavea Investimentos, one of Brazil's leading alternative asset management firms. With 
headquarters in Rio de Janeiro and offices in Sao Paulo, Gavea brings over 100 employees to its partnership with 
Highbridge. 
On 25 Feb 2011, at 13:18, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
the concern is that asia gateway, could get in trouble and taint jpm.. i would suggest you call emiliio, and 
propose that a lawyer from jpm sit on the board of gateway,or be an officer. or be the accountant, so that they 
have total transparcny, and effective oversight. but the chinese would see a small seperate operation. 
On Fri, Feb 25, 2011 at 6:05 AM, < 
Tried cell. 
What number ? 
> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com>
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 05:59:18 -0500 
To:
Subject: Re: Fw: Deutsche Bahn 
EFTA00663880
--- PAGE 2 ---
call 
On Fri, Feb 25, 2011 at 3:49 AM, < 
Original Message 
From: Slaughter, Lawrence 
To: David Stern 
Subject: Deutsche Balm 
Sent: 25 Feb 2011 08:09 
David, 
> wrote: 
With regards to Deutsche Bahn, I have asked my Beijing colleagues to stand down. They have stated that 
they have not spoken to anyone at CIC with regards this topic. 
Is this a practical case of where we could see if your approach makes sense? 
If so, what is a concrete next step? I could send you a few pages which sets forth the basic concept as well 
as some parameters. 
Let me know what you think. 
Regards, 
Lany 
--- Original Message 
From: Slaughter, Lawrence 
To: 
Sent: Mon Feb 21 17:18:22 2011 
Subject: Re: China 
David, 
It was a very interesting session - thanks for your time. 
As a practical next step, let us keep talking about Deutsche Bahn. 
Regards, 
Lany 
-- Original Message  
From: 
To: Slaughter, Lawrence 
Sent: Mon Feb 21 16:11:40 2011 
Subject: China 
Lany, 
Great pleasure meeting you. Thank you for your time. 
All the best 
David 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and 
EFTA00663881
--- PAGE 3 ---
conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of 
securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, 
confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, 
available at 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663882

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663883.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation(4ginail.coin 
Subject: another El Brillo sale 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 14:02:39 +0000 
[..;Click to close image. click and drag to move. 
Another El Brillo Way house sells, fetching more than $6M 
Video-game innovator Ryan Brant buys estate 
By Darrell Hofheinz 
Daily News Real Estate Writer 
Updated: 8:4601. Thursday. Feb. 24, 2011 
Posted: 8:05 
Thursday. Feb. 24, 2011 
In a sign the island's higher-end housing market continues to build steam, the Palm Beach County Clerk has been busy of late recording 
deeds for single-family homes sold at more than $6 million. 
The latest property to get a new owner is 111 El Brillo Way, a four-bedroom house built in the Estate Section in 1962 that sold for S6.6 
million, according to the Feb. 18 warranty deed, recorded Tuesday. 
El Brillo Way has been a popular site for homebuyers. Last week, a sales deed was recorded for $8.66 million for 130 El Brillo, and 
earlier this month 300 El Brillo sold for a recorded $9.5 million. 
The house that just sold is the former home of Kenn Karakul, who bought it for $6 million in March 2007 through a trust named for the 
property's address and administered by trustee Peter. S. Broberg, an attorney with offices on Peruvian Avenue. 
The buyer was Palm Beacher and video-game innovator Ryan Brant, the son of longtime islander Peter Brant. 
Real estate agent Jack Elkins of Engel & Voelkers represented the home's seller, and Paula Wittmann of Fite Shavell & Associates 
acted on behalf of Brant. 
Elkins had listed the house at $7.425 million. The price it sold for likely reflects the give and take between sellers and buyers that's taken 
place in the months since the recession's effects began easing. 
"In this market, that price is really good." said Elkins, who added that a confidentiality agreement with the parties involved in the sale 
prohibited him from discussing specific details about the buyers or the transaction. Wittmann said she was bound by the same 
agreement. 
Brant could not be reached for comment, and Karakul did not return a phone message left for him. 
In Estate Section, lone house from the ocean' 
Elkins said the property had a number of things going for it to attract buyers. 
"The size of the lot was appealing," he said. -And it's in the Estate Section, just one house from the ocean." 
Property records show that the main residence and a guesthouse on the property, built in 1995, have a total of 6,324 square feet. 
The sale is another sign Palm Beach real estate is on the move again, he added. 
EFTA00663883
--- PAGE 2 ---
very optimistic. Things are price-driven in this market, and the level of movement is a good sign that people want to come to Florida, 
whether it be for the weather or the tax benefits." 
Island residents for some 25 years, Karakul and James Held lived in the house while they restored and renovated El Castillo, their 
present home nearby, owned through another trust administered by Broberg, according to property records. That landmarked house at 
126 El Bravo Way, also known as 4 El Bravo Way, earned Held and Karakul the 2009 Ballinger Award from the Preservation Foundation 
of Palm Beach, which recognizes historically sensitive renovation projects. 
The El Brillo Way house was empty when Elkins acquired the listing in October, finalizing its sales contract two months later, he said. 
"I listed the property and 'staged' it with furniture and artwork and then held a brokers' open house," he recalled, which immediately led 
to several offers on the property. 
Mixed history for Brant at Take-Two 
Ryan Brant co-founded Take-Two Interactive Software, which in 1998 developed the wildly popular video game Grand Theft Auto. He 
served as Take-Two's chairman and CEO until 2004 and left the company in 2006. 
In 2007, the Securities and Exchange Commission settled civil charges against Brant, alleging that while at Take-Two, he was the 
architect of a multi-year scheme involving the fraudulent backdating of stock options to boost their value. Neither admitting nor denying 
wrongdoing, Brant was ordered to pay about $6.3 million to settle the civil charges and ordered to pay $1 million to New York City and 
state officials. Pleading guilty to a related criminal charge, he was sentenced to five years' probation. 
Property records show that in July 2008, he bought a home at 231 Coral Lane for a recorded price of $6.1 million. 
Since the beginning of last week, deeds of sale were recorded at $17.05 million for 6 Via Los Incas and $11.05 million for 1067 S. Ocean 
Blvd. 
Meanwhile, at least two other higher-end properties on the island are under contract, according to real estate sources. 
■ Staff researcher Niels Heimeriks contributed to this report. 
EFTA00663884

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663885.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Materials 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 14:06:24 +0000 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Slaughter, Lawrence" 
Date: 25 February 2011 13:56:08 GMT 
To: ' 
" < 
Subject: Re: Materials 
Based on the estimated enterprise value of DBML, an equity investment of €500mm would buy the "investor" approximately 
2.4% of the equity (ie €20.8bn equity value). 
The size of the equity investment is purely illustrative. It is possible that an investor may seek to invest much more (eg 
€5bn). Maximum contemplated for sale is circa 20%, ideally to 2-3 sophisticated, bone fide investors. 
From: David Stem < 
To: Slaughter, Lawrence 
Sent: Fri Feb 25 13:49:20 2011 
Subject: Re: Materials 
Larry, 
Can you clarify: goal is to raise 500m for 2.4%? 
Thanks 
David 
On 25 Feb 2011, at 13:15, Slaughter, Lawrence wrote: 
David, 
Please see attached some background materials. Have a look and let me know your reaction. If you are in Beijing next 
week, perhaps it may make sense for to either Wenjie Zhang or Fang Fang (CIC team for JPMorgan). 
Regards, 
Larry 
From: Rubin, Linda S 
Sent: 24 February 2011 18:01 
To: Slaughter, Lawrence 
Subject: 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for 
the purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, 
EFTA00663885
--- PAGE 2 ---
confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available 
athttp://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email.
<February 2011 - Deutsche Bahn strategic equity investment.pdf> 
EFTA00663886

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663887.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Wayfair" 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: BLACK FRIDAY in July # Up to 70% OFF starts now 
Date: Fri, 21 Jul 2017 22:26:32 +0000 
FREE Shipping Over $49" 
Wayfair 
Furniture I Decor I Rugs I Bed & Bath I Sale 
Black Friday 
g,Sofas 
giHeadboards 
EFTA00663887
--- PAGE 2 ---
Outdoor Seating 
WATV stands 
PAAccent chairs 
Wedding 
Mugs 
(,Outdoor storage 
WiBar stools 
;;Wall Art 
EFTA00663888
--- PAGE 3 ---
,Lighting 
;;;Mattresses 
RICitchenware 
LSales 
More to Explore 
UP TO 70% OFF 
UP TO 70% OFF 
Durable Rugs for High-Traffic Areas » 
Patio Party Must-Haves » 
EFTA00663889
--- PAGE 4 ---
UP TO 30% OFF 
Brand We Love: Nespresso » 
UP TO 50% OFF 
Gazebos, Sheds & More » 
UP TO 70% OFF 
LIMITED-TIME ONLY 
Coffee Tables for Less » 
Bedroom Storage & Closet Solutions » 
No Money Down With the 
Give the Gift of Options. 
Wayfair Credit Cards » 
Buy a Gift Card » 
Download the Wayfair App 
EFTA00663890
--- PAGE 5 ---
Joss & 
Android App 
iOS App 
Share Your Style Using #WayfairAtHome 
,,:,Ins 
L..111) 
Le:3 
tagra 
Fa 
into 
witte 
Our Retail Brands 
LF:1,1 Birch Lane 
LA:4,'AllModem 
Wayfair 
Contact Us I My Account I Shipping Policy I Return Policy 
This message was sent to jeevacation@gmail.com. 
*Some exclusions apply. Read our shipping policy for details. 
If you no longer wish to receive promotional emails from us dick here. 
To read our privacy policy, click here. 
Please do not reply. To ensure delivery to your inbox. 
add editor@members.wayfair.com to your address book. 
Wayfair Inc., 4 Copley Place. Boston. MA02116 
www.wayfair.com 
EFTA00663891

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663892.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663892.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jennie Saunders"
To: <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Fw: Dangene McKay Bailey (NY) LLC 20ny0994730.2 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 14:25:12 +0000 
Will get that for u asap 
CORE: Jennie Saunders I Founder & Chairman I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 212 486 6600 I Mobile: 
I www.coreaccess.net 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, February 25, 2011 09:20 AM 
To: Jennie Saunders 
Subject: Re: Fw: Dangene McKay Bailey (NY) LLC 20ny0994730.2 
what are the terms of the line of credit„ you did not include that in the last emails 
On Fri, Feb 25, 2011 at 9:19 AM, Jennie Saunders < 
> wrote: 
Thoughts ? He is right that we used the entire line to take out the old high interest CC debt Dangene had... 
CORE• 
I Founder & Chairman 166 East 55th Street New York NY 10022iMain: 212 486 66001 
Mobil 
I www.coreaccess.net 
From: Akinsemoyin, Mutiu A [mailto 
Sent: Friday, February 25, 2011 09:16 AM 
To: Jennie Saunders; DANGENE
Subject: RE: Dangene McKay Bailey (NY) LLC 20ny0994730.2 
Hi DM, 
Remember that in the beginning of this process, I had recommended that we do a loan to pay off Dangene's credit card 
with high rates and a line of credit to increase. We ended up setting up just the line of credit. 
A line of credit product is set up to increase cash flow from time to time. If line of credit is not paid down after some time, 
the bank can and will term it out i.e. turn your current line of credit into a loan where we will be collecting prindpal plus 
interest. I strongly recommend you take the loan. Your total credit with us will move from 100K to 190K. 
Keep in mind that interest paid on the loan is tax deductible. 
The bank is lending now, take advantage of it. Your team and I have all worked hard to get to this point. 
Mutiu Akinsemoyin 
Vice President 
JPMorgan Chase Business Banking 
West 51st Street 
New York, New York 10019 
EFTA00663892
--- PAGE 2 ---
Telephone - 212-408-4764 
EFax - 18669148175 
Business Premier Line - 888 472 7626 
From: Jennie Saunders 
Sent Thursday, February 24, 2011 9:03 PM 
To: Akinsemoyin, Mutiu A; DANGENE 
Subject RE: Dangene McKay Bailey (NY) LLC 20ny0994730.2 
Mutiu —We are going to pass on the loan ....thanks for your efforts .... 
Jennie Saunder 
Chairman I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 212 486 
6600 I Mobile: 
I www.coreaccess.net I 
From: Akinsemoyin, Mutiu A [mato 
Sent: Wednesday, February 23, 2011 5:48 PM 
To: DANGENE 
Cc: Jennie Saunders 
Subject: FW: Dangene McKay Bailey (NY) LLC 20ny0994730.2 
Hi Dangene and Jennie, 
The loan as been approved as a Loan to pay off your existing line of credit. We are unable to extend an additional line of credit 
higher than 100k at the present time. 
So after loan closing, you will have a 100k line of credit and a Loan of 90k. Loan payment is less then $1400 a month. The small 
SBA loan packaging fee will be included in the loan. 
I will like to meet for a few minutes to go over the attached forms. 
Mutiu Akinsemoyin 
Vice President 
.113Morgan Chase Business Banking 
West 51st Street 
New York, New York 10019 
Telephone - 212.408-4764 
EF:uc - 18669148175 
Business Premier Line - 888 472 7626 
EFTA00663893
--- PAGE 3 ---
This transmission may contain information that is privileged, confidential, legally privileged, and/or exempt 
from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any 
disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is 
STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Although this transmission and any attachments are believed to be free of any 
virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened, it is the 
responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by JPMorgan 
Chase & Co., its subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable, for any loss or damage arising in any way from its 
use. If you received this transmission in error, please immediately contact the sender and destroy the material 
in its entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Thank you. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to j
f@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663894

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663895.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Materials 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 14:52:07 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
I do not want to meet JPM people in China covering CIC. You agree ? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 09:21:08 -0500 
To:
Subject: Re: Materials 
now? 
On Fri, Feb 25, 2011 at 9:17 AM, < 
> wrote: 
When can I call you ? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 09:10:29 -0500 
To: David Stem< 
Subject: Re: Materials 
that needs to be part of the presentation.. the chinese will want to know who are there co-investors. you should 
say that approx 20% is for sale. total of approx 5 billion e , and , it will problably be divided , between large 
investors with a mim of 500m 
On Fri, Feb 25, 2011 at 9:06 AM, David Stem < 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Slaughter, Lawrence" 
Date: 25 February 2011 13:56:08 GMT 
To: "I 
Subject: Re: Materials 
wrote: 
Based on the estimated enterprise value of DBML, an equity investment of €500mm would buy the "investor" 
approximately 2.4% of the equity (ie €20.8bn equity value). 
The size of the equity investment is purely illustrative. It is possible that an investor may seek to invest much more (eg 
€5bn). Maximum contemplated for sale is circa 20%, ideally to 2-3 sophisticated, bone fide investors. 
From: David Stern < 
To: Slaughter, Lawrence 
Sent: Fri Feb 25 13:49:20 2011 
Subject: Re: Materials 
Larry, 
Can you clarify: goal is to raise 500m for 2.4%? 
EFTA00663895
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thanks 
David 
On 25 Feb 2011, at 13:15, Slaughter, Lawrence wrote: 
David, 
Please see attached some background materials. Have a look and let me know your reaction. If you are in Beijing 
next week, perhaps it may make sense for to either Wenjie Zhang or Fang Fang (CIC team for JPMorgan). 
Regards, 
Larry 
From: Rubin, Linda S 
Sent: 24 February 2011 18:01 
To: Slaughter, Lawrence 
Subject: 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers 
for the purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, 
confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available 
athttpl 
<February 2011 - Deutsche Bahn strategic equity investment.pdf> 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail aim, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA00663896
--- PAGE 3 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663897

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663898.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: (no subject) 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 10:28:41 +0000 
Jeffrey call that Corey Hay I think he can help .You dont need this crap ,they did it to my brother for a year you dont call or 
write I hope you go to jail so I can visit you again.JOKE Jonathan 
EFTA00663898

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663899.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn  
fr-" 
To: "jeffrey E." <I 
Subject: Fwd: Jeffrey Epstein's Georges Braque painting 
Date: Wed, 22 Feb 2017 22:11:18 +0000 
Attachments: Custody_Agreement_Template.docx 
Inline-Images: image002.png; image003.png; image004.png; image005.png; image006.png; image007.png; 
image008.png; image009.png 
I you wante • : raque to .e part o t is sa e t en t ey wou 
as muc i time in a \ mice to examine, 
photograph and market 
please advise 
thank you 
http://www.christies.comidepartments/impressionist-and-modern-art-29- 1 .aspx 
Monday, 15 May 2017 
21Christies auction house James Christie logo 
Impressionist & Modern Art Evening Sale 
New York, Rockefeller Center 
• SALE 14183 
• Info 
• Buy Catalogue
Tuesday, 16 May 2017 
2,Christies auction house James Christie logo 
Impressionist & Modern Art Works on Paper 
New York, Rockefeller Center 
• SALE 14185 
• Info 
• 1 .yi  Catalogue
EFTA00663899
--- PAGE 2 ---
gjChristies auction house James Christie logo 
Impressionist & Modern Art Day Sale 
New York, Rockefeller Center 
• SALE 14186 
• Info 
• Buy Catalogue
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subjec : 
: e rey Epstein's Georges Braque painting 
Date: February 22, 2017 at 4:58:47 PM EST 
To: Richard Kahn 
Dear Mr, Kahn, 
I look forward to hearing from you . 
With best wishes, 
EFTA00663900
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Richard Kahn [maiIto 
Sent: Wednesday, February 22, 2017 4:46 PM 
To: 
Sub 
y Epstein's Georges Braque painting 
Here are image and descriptions of the works: 
Georges Braque 
Le Gueridon 
signed 'Braque' (on the reverse) 
oil on canvas 
x 13 in. 
Painted in 1911 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
EFTA00663901
--- PAGE 4 ---
On Feb 22, 2017, at 4:32 PM, 
wrote: 
Dear Mr Kahn, 
If you have time to speak in the next hour, may I call you on the number noted below? 
Mies, 
From: Richard Kahn (mailto: 
Sent: Wednesday, February 22, 2017 9:46 AM 
To: Igelbrink. Anne 
Cc: 
Subje : e: e rey Epstein's Georges Braque painting 
i would like to connect this week to discuss the Braque and your thoughts on the best sale for this piece 
please let me know when you are available to discuss 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Jan 4, 2017, at 3:11 PM, Igelbrink, Anne cliMa 
wrote: 
Rich 
I am connecting you over email with 
the two of you can make arrangements for her to see the Braque. I've given her the details that 
passed along to me last week. 
Anne 
Anne Igelbrink 
Vice President, Specialist Ilead of European Furniture 
CHRISTIE'S 
 (w) 
(0 
To view our January 18 Chinese Export Art auction please click below: 
<image001.jpg> 
<image002.jpg> 
EFTA00663902
--- PAGE 5 ---
This message and any attachment are confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or 
email the sender and delete the message and any attachment from your system. If you are not the intended 
recipient you must not copy this message or attachment or disclose the contents to any other person. 
This message and any attachment are confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or 
email the sender and delete the message and any attachment from your system. If you are not the intended 
recipient you must not copy this message or attachment or disclose the contents to any other person. 
This message and any attachment are confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or 
email the sender and delete the message and any attachment from your system. If you are not the intended 
recipient you must not copy this message or attachment or disclose the contents to any other person. 
EFTA00663903

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663904.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Valeria Chomsky 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gtnail.com>, Lesley Groff 
Subject: Thanks! 
Date: Wed, 22 Feb 2017 22:11:04 +0000 
We are indulging ourselves in a wonderful meal right now, because of a wonderful surprise box that arrived in 
our doorstep this morning. 
Many thanks. 
Look forward to seeing you soon. 
Valeria 
Forwarded messaze 
From: Valeria Chomsky  
Date: Tue, Feb 21, 2017 at 5:32 PM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Yeah! 
Valeria 
Forwarded message ---
From: Jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Tue, Feb 21, 2017 at 2:24 PM 
Subject: 
To: Valeria Chomsky 
see you around 4" sunday? is that good? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663904
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00663905

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663906.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 15:44:40 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
From: "Slav hter, Lawrence" < 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 
Subject: Re: Materials 
We could alter the base investment # to El bn and then have a callout box delineating the potential scope of 
investment (ie up to 20%). Does that work? 
With regards to a translation into Chinese, it would be possible. 
We would need to articulate the recommended approach strategy (ie State Council and downwards) to Fang Fang 
and Wenjie to get them in the loop. 
Would you be free for a call early next week with them to discuss the strategy/get their buyin? 
EFTA00663906

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663907.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 15:49:04 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Danger is that local team loses face because I can and they supposedly cannot. 
However. If needed I can meet them and also discuss on a call for their buy-in, but without specific details such 
as mentioning the names and entities I will access. 
You agree ? 
Ori inal Messa e 
From:
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 20.11 h 44 40 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Reply-To: 
From: "Slau ter, Lawrence" < 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 
Subject: Re: Materials 
We could alter the base investment # to Elbn and then have a callout box delineating the potential scope of 
investment (ie up to 20%). Does that work? 
With regards to a translation into Chinese, it would be possible. 
We would need to articulate the recommended approach strategy (ie State Council and downwards) to Fang Fang 
and Wenjie to get them in the loop. 
Would you be free for a call early next week with them to discuss the strategy/get their buyin? 
EFTA00663907

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663908.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern <
1=1==> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 16:57:01 +0000 
When can I call you ? 
On 25 Feb 2011, at 15:44, 
wrote: 
> From: "Slav hter, Lawrence" < 
> Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 
> Subject: Re: Materials 
> We could alter the base investment # to El bn and then have a callout box delineating the potential scope of 
investment (ie up to 20%). Does that work? 
> With regards to a translation into Chinese, it would be possible. 
> We would need to articulate the recommended approach strategy (ie State Council and downwards) to Fang 
Fang and Wenjie to get them in the loop. 
> Would you be free for a call early next week with them to discuss the strategy/get their buyin? 
EFTA00663908

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663909.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663909.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 17:48:36 +0000 
I am with Clifford Ross right now. Will call you after lunch. 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: Friday, February 25, 2011 12:15 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
are you awake yet? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663909

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663910.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lawrence Krauss czi 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: p.s. 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 18:10:22 +0000 
I assume you saw the writeup in the NYT on our meeting that you sponsored? 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Foundation Professor 
Director, The ASU Origins Project 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
Assoc. Dir, Beyond Center 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
College of Liberal Arts and Sciences 
School of Earth and Space Exploration 
I Tempe AZ 85287-1404 
http://krauss.faculty.asu.edu 
Exec. Asst (Jessica): 
Origins Asst (Cynthia 
EFTA00663910

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663911.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "The Duke" <I 
To:  
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 18:39:34 +0000 
We are all over the MoS with legal etc. 
There is a huge leap from photograph to asserting we had sex and then further to claim it on more than one occasion and for 
money. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein < 
To: The Duke 
Sent: Fri Feb 25 18:36:07 2011 
Subject: 
the reporter s questions„ was 
was she paid 200 , for sex. did she travel to europe in 
2001. did she have sex with andrew , did she get 
or doing so. did she see him two more times. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663911

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663912.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cecile de Jongh
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Kevin Law < 
>, Brice Gordon < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 19:04:23 +0000 
Ok 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 25, 2011, at 2:24 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
please have kevin law„ driven by leon„ he should use the jet skis, maybe carlos or casey can take him fishing„ 
he will be staying on st john there monday thru friday 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663912

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663913.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663913.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: ' 
Subject: Re: Materials 
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 19:19:08 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Want to send him accurate reply. When can I call you ? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 09:52:34 -0500 
To:
Subject: Re: Materials 
meet them 
On Fri, Feb 25, 2011 at 9:52 AM, < 
> wrote: 
I do not want to meet JPM people in China covering CIC. You agree ? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein < 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 09:21:08 -0500 
To: <I 
Subject: Re: Materials 
now? 
On Fri, Feb 25, 2011 at 9:17 AM, < 
When can I call you ? 
> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 09:10:29 -0500 
To: David Stern< 
Subject: Re: Materials 
that needs to be part of the presentation.. the chinese will want to know who are there co-investors. you 
should say that approx 20% is for sale. total of approx 5 billion e , and , it will problably be divided , 
between large investors with a mim of 500m 
On Fri, Feb 25, 2011 at 9:06 AM, David Stem < 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Slaughter, Lawrence" <I 
Date: 25 February 2011 13:56:08 GMT 
"  
wrote: 
Based on the estimated enterprise value of DBML, an equity investment of €500mm would buy the "investor" 
approximately 2.4% of the equity (ie €20.8bn equity value). 
EFTA00663913
--- PAGE 2 ---
The size of the equity investment is purely illustrative. It is possible that an investor may seek to invest much more 
(eg €5bn). Maximum contemplated for sale is circa 20%, ideally to 2-3 sophisticated, bone fide investors. 
From: David Stern < 
To: Slaughter, Lawrence 
Sent: Fri Feb 25 13:49:20 2011 
Subject: Re: Materials 
Larry, 
Can you clarify: goal is to raise 500m for 2.4% ? 
Thanks 
David 
On 25 Feb 2011, at 13:15, Slaughter, Lawrence wrote: 
David, 
Please see attached some background materials. Have a look and let me know your reaction. If you are in 
Beijing next week, perhaps it may make sense for to either Wenjie Zhang or Fang Fang (CIC team for 
JPMorgan). 
Regards, 
Larry 
From: Rubin, Linda S 
Sent: 24 February 2011 18:01 
To: Slaughter, Lawrence 
Subject: 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on 
offers for the purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, 
viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available 
athttp 
<February 2011 - Deutsche Bahn strategic equity investment.pdf> 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00663914
--- PAGE 3 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663915

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663916.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Peggy Siegel on her mother 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 19:20:33 +0000 
The Queen's Speech: Eulogy for Annette Siegal 
Annette Siegal (1924- 2011). 
In today's Guest Diary, Peggy Siegal, New York's uber-Hollywood buzz-
maker, long famous here and in the Hamptons for her first showing screenings 
and premieres of Hollywood films, recalls the life of her beloved mother, 
Annette Siegal, who died this past week at 87. 
This was a daughter's eulogy for her mother. Peggy is a ubiquitous character 
in this world of celebrity and international society and hovers around New 
York. Hers is a very forthright personality, not always unaccompanied by 
controversy. She loves her business, however; loves her associations, on-
going and developing, that come her way. And she does everything with an 
stylish imprimatur; when she gives a party, it's always interesting. For 
example, some NYSD readers may recall the screening and party reported 
here that she had more than a year ago at the Plaza for the premiere of The 
Last Emperor (Valentino). Basic New York in lights. 
I never met Peggy's mother although I knew she was a very important 
influence in her dynamic daughter's life. I had the impression that the two 
women shared the same force of personality. And in a parent-child 
relationship, that makes for interesting pyro-technics, especially for the mother 
and daughter relationship. So it was with interest that I read this daughter's 
recollection of her mother whom she honors. 
Eulogy for Annette Siegal 
EFTA00663916
--- PAGE 2 ---
Delivered by: Peggy Siegal on February 24th, 2011 
My mother was born 87 years ago, in the Bronx and Annette Siegal was 
raised in Brooklyn, a borough she denied ever having stepped foot in. 
She presented herself to the world, as 
if she were to the manor born. She 
was part Lauren Bacall, part Babe 
Paley and part Jackie O. She was 
tall and statuesque. She had great 
bone structure and carried herself like 
a queen, impeccably dressed at all 
times. Even her voice was elegant 
and seductive, when she wasn't 
yelling at me. 
As her daughter, this was not an easy 
act to follow. 
Her humble roots began in Russia, 
where her maternal grandparents, 
Isador and Rebecca Kantorwitz 
were born and married. In the 1880s, 
they immigrated to Buffalo, where 
Isador got a job in a factory, making 
shoes. This, was way before Manolo 
Blahniks, and Christian Louboutins. 
Rebecca bore Isador six children, in 
Peggy and Annette Siegal at Peggy 's 
various upstate New York cities. The 
60th birthdya party, July 17, 2007. 
youngest, being Annette's mother 
Mildred, was born in 1900 in Rochester. Rebecca's gritty independence and 
moxie, provided the super glue, that held these fragile immigrant families 
together. The family eventually moved to the Lower East Side: another 
location my mother had, "absolutely no recall." 
Twenty-five years ago I wrote a book called Six Generations: In Search of a 
Deli, consisting of photographs, accompanied by interviews, with family 
members, including my mother. Upon asking her to describe a photograph, of 
her maternal grandmother, Rebecca, she replied: "She had beautiful hair, that 
she washed everyday with an egg and wore in a braid." This was the root of 
Annette's infatuation with good grooming, and a flattering do. 
My mother told me that after her Grandpa Isador died, her grandmother, 
Rebecca, lived alone in a tiny room with a kitchen. Her six children, used to 
take turns, visiting her every few days. This is where Annette got the idea of 
visiting rights: the children always came to the mother. 
Annette's paternal grandparents, another Rebecca, and Samuel Weissinger, 
were also born in Russia in the 1870s. They lived on Essex Street. Her father 
Harry was an ace basketball player at the University Settlement House, which 
always made us giggle, because he was so short. He married Annette's 
mother, Mildred, when she was seventeen, and Harry was a mere twenty. 
Harry's parents eventually moved to Coney Island, and entertained an endless 
array of nutty relatives, with singing dogs who played the piano. My mother 
EFTA00663917
--- PAGE 3 ---
always loved going there. Even then, she knew a good party. 
Harry went to work on Seventh Avenue, in the garment industry, and 
eventually, became the president of the Piece Goods Buyers, for many years. 
He worked for designer Hannah Troy and was known and respected by 
Norman Norell and newcomers Bill Blass, Oscar de La Renta, and 
Geoffrey Beene. He had an encyclopedic knowledge of fabrics, and instilled, 
in my mother, an appreciation of fashion and design. He dressed his wife, and 
his daughters, in American couture clothing, with matching shoes and bags, 
white gloves, and exquisite jewelry. 
Gerald, Annette's older brother by six years, was very much like their 
gregarious mother, Mildred. He had her sparkling eyes, quick smile, generous 
personality, and a million friends. He was also the first Jew in Brooklyn to ski, 
play golf in Egypt, and wear yellow cashmere socks, with tasseled loafers, 
way before Ralph Lauren. Her younger sister Barbara was born six years 
after her. 
My father Martin Siegal, a 2nd 
Lieutenant in the army, came home 
on leave, and met my mother at a 
cousin's wedding in 1944. He was ten 
years older, and dashing in a 
uniform. It was love at first sight. She 
was the most gorgeous girl he had 
ever met. 
They were married within a year, and 
moved to suburban Teaneck, New 
Jersey. My mother gave birth to me in 
1947, and Gary in 1949. My father, 
was in the light bulb business, with 
his father Adam, who came here from 
Warsaw, Poland at the turn of the 
century. He worked in Thomas 
Edison's original factory. They now 
had a thriving lighting manufacturing 
company, which eventually became 
the third largest in the country. 
Gary and I were babies when they 
Mother and daughter at Screening of 
joined their first country club. My 
HOLLYWOODLAND, July 30, 2006. 
mother was always a great athlete 
and took to the game of golf, and the 
lifestyle easily. She developed a great talent for Mah Jong, canasta, and 
around the clock help. She had been a swimming instructor at camp, and as a 
young child taught me the American crawl, which still remains a cherished 
memory. 
Dinner on trays, in front of the TV was forbidden. She cooked the family meat 
and potatoes, five nights a week. Thursday, maid's night out, was deli, and 
Sunday was Chinese. 
My brother, dressed as Hopalong Cassidy, shot everyone in sight, using a 
gun, with smoking ammunition. I struggled through ballet, and ended up in art 
EFTA00663918
--- PAGE 4 ---
class. Every June we were shipped off to summer camp in New Hampshire, 
and every July, they showed up with bags of salamis and bagels, in case we 
were starving. 
My parents had a wonderful marriage. He adored her. She adored him. She 
adored being adored. 
Martin also had a personality that lit up like one of his light bulbs. He was a 
world class raconteur, a workaholic and brilliant mathematician. The more 
successful he became, the more he instilled his work ethic in all of us. 
We then moved up the hill to Englewood Cliffs where Gary and I were headed 
to high school. My mother was looking for something to do. She became the 
first personal stylist at her country club. Always being one of the best dressed 
women in town, she began to sell her style. She had her father introduce her 
to all of the designers. She showed the girls what to wear and when. She took 
my father's car and driver and a huge hand bag filled with cash to the Seventh 
Avenue show rooms. She bought hundreds of dresses. She set up shop in the 
house. There was always a parade of her friends trying on clothes and, of 
course, paying in cash. It was like Loehmans in our basement. 
My father, the financial genius, did all her books and paid her taxes. By now, 
they had a second home on a golf course in Fort Lauderdale, next door to her 
brother Gerry. My father finally put his foot down, and my mother was 
forbidden to sell dresses out of the Florida house. He was tired of seeing her 
friends running around in their underwear. 
My high school years with her were noisy, to say the least. I was adventurous 
and disobedient. One summer, in the 60s I was a volunteer worker at The 
University Settlement Camp for underprivileged children. I came home looking 
like a beatnik, folk-singer, Joan Baez: no bra, work shirt, dirty feet in sandals 
and hair, half way down my back. She was horrified, and instantly cleaned me 
up. The next summer, I got a job modeling on Seventh Avenue. My new get up 
was a Vidal Sassoon hair cut, thick false eyelashes, and a Chanel suit. I would 
lie to her, and sneak into the city at night to get a table -- usually near the 
kitchen -- at Elaine's, where I would watch Woody Allen or Jackie Onassis 
eat dinner. 
I was also the captain of the flag twirlers for my high school football team. On 
Halloween, my mother would take my entire outfit, wear it to the country club, 
and win first prize. 
I was such a pain in the ass. The worst thing, she would say to me was, "I only 
wish you have a daughter like you someday." 
Of course, my brother was perfect. He never gave her one minute of 
aggravation, or heartache. The one thing that sent her into a tailspin was 
when he secretly joined the football team, and she went screaming to my 
father. 
Gary and I went off to college, and Annette and Martin moved into a gorgeous 
stone and glass house on a hill in the woods in Alpine. She loved that 
house. She was such a neat freak. She would have the gardener come and 
vacuum her forest. 
EFTA00663919
--- PAGE 5 ---
Her children came home from college. I went straight to Seventh Avenue as a 
designer, fulfilling her every wish. Except, I wasn't married. She advised me 
how and who to date, and suggested I show cleavage. My retaliation was: 
"Unlike all your friend's daughters,: I am not fat, and I am not divorced." 
I changed careers, and ended up in motion 
picture publicity. She was my best customer, 
attending all of our screenings. After 
receiving an invitation, her first remark was, 
"Is it any good?"; then her second comment, 
"How many tickets can I have?" She always 
looked for me on the red carpet, saved my 
press clippings, and loved reading my Oscar 
Diaries. 
Her perfect son went to work for her perfect 
husband. Then my father got sick. She 
nursed him through heart attacks, and 
strokes for six years. She was completely 
devoted to him. He died, just shy of his 73rd 
birthday. That was 22 years ago, and her life 
was never quite the same. Although her 
lifestyle was still grand, and she was 
financially secure, she missed him every day 
of her life. 
Peggy with her niece, Mattie. 
Gary and Erin's daughter Mattie, was born three months after my father died. 
She was named after him. We all felt a little piece of my father had come back 
through her. My mother adored Mattie, and Mattie's half sister Elizabeth. 
Mattie became an equestrienne at age three and my mother spent years, and 
hours, standing at the filthy horse shows, watching her talented granddaughter 
fly over fences, and win ribbons. She once sent Mattie and me to Argentina to 
buy a jumper, and then refused to pay the shipping fees to get the stallion 
back to the states. 
When I took Mattie on safari twice, to Kenya, Africa, she loved hearing our 
stories about the Masai, and looking at our photos. She always loved me for 
looking after Mattie. 
She spent the last 22 years of her life in Alpine and Palm Beach, traveling the 
world with her friends, playing golf and cards, frequenting the Kravis Center, 
Lincoln Center, and eating in countless restaurants. She had a charmed life, 
and was adored by her many friends. 
Last September, she was diagnosed with cancer, and David Koch got her to 
Sloan Kettering immediately. She sailed through the operation, and later 
struggled through chemo. She was still active, and driving in December. 
On Sunday, January 30th, I called her from Los Angeles, on the way to the 
SAG awards, to give her an update on The King's Speech that had won the 
PGA and DGA awards, and was about to win the SAG Ensemble. 
An hour later, she had a brain seizure, and was rushed to Englewood 
Hospital. Gary was with her and told me it was a miracle she survived. The 
following day, an MRI revealed lesions on her brain. 
EFTA00663920
--- PAGE 6 ---
She lived for three weeks, in hospice care. I found myself dressing up, in my 
chicest outfits, to go visit her, so she would be proud of me. Gary, Erin and I 
sat by her bedside everyday, and tried to comfort her. I even, prematurely, told 
her, "Mom, we won the Oscar", which made her smile. It was the saddest 
three weeks of my life, to watch the most beautiful mother in the world wither 
away. Although she did not suffer, it broke our hearts to watch her die. 
Over this past weekend, I was in the Alpine house looking for her jewelry. I 
found a letter in her safe, she had written to me on my 50th birthday. It made 
me cry. 
She wrote: "Dear Peggy, Happy Birthday. Fifty years ago today, I had the thrill 
of a lifetime. A nurse, brought me a tiny bundle of joy. I could not believe this 
tiny creature, all wrapped in a pink blanket, was my daughter. It seemed like 
yesterday. I counted the fingers, and the toes. I just kept staring at this bundle. 
I envisioned a very sophisticated, stunning young lady. I was sure, she would 
at least, be an editor at Vogue. I wasn't too wrong, as you did grow up, to be 
very successful stunning woman. I wish you health, and happiness in the next 
half of your life". 
On Tuesday, I went to her bedside knowing she could still hear me, and told 
her I loved her very much. Tears streamed down her cheek. I held her in my 
arms. She died two hours later. I will miss my mother, for the rest of my life. 
EFTA00663921

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663922.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Ginn" <IIMI
> 
To: leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 19:29:44 +0000 
to Mr. Jeffrey 
Epstein. 
2. That Ms. Maxwell invited Mr. Epstein, Prince Andrew and 
o 
your London home where Prince Andrew had sex with 
3. That Ms. Maxwell was present on a subsequent occ 
room called 
The Office at Mr. Epstein's New York residence, when 
met the 
Prince and subsequently went upstairs and had sex with him. 
My deadline for this article is Saturday 26 February, around four pm London 
time. 
With best regards, 
EFTA00663922

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663923.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Thursday 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 19:51:45 +0000 
Sorry man. On the way in a car. Will be there shortly. 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: Friday, February 25, 2011 2:22 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Fwd: Thursday 
Forwarded message 
From: Boris Nikolic (bgC3)
Date: Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 1:48 AM 
Subject: Thursday 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
HI Jee 
Just looked at my flight Seattle- JFK on Thursday and noticed that I arrive to NYC later than what I told you (not 
6:50pm EST but PST — which is 9:50PST). So it would be too late for a dinner as I will not be in the city before 
10:30pm. 
Would you like Friday lunch? 
Also you did not answer me email re meeting with Elis and Joanna Rubenstein on Saturday 3pm? 
B 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00663923
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663924

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663925.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: balerina simona < 
To: jeffrey edwards <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 20:15:28 +0000 
Importance Normal 
Thank yo very much!!! Jeffrey, its wonderful! Thank you million times...i almost fell down on the floor!!! SO0000 happy! 
we've already booked a tickets! we will be in Paris 26th of March, i guess its Saturday! should i contact Valdson to 
report that i am coming in your permission? 
Jeffrey, we are very pleased, happy and lucky! Thank you for such an opportunity!!! 
You are very generous man. 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 05:58:42 -0500 
Subject: Re: 
From: 'eevacation@ mail.com 
To: 
CC: 
yes 
On Fri, Feb 25, 2011 at 2:57 AM, balerina simona < 
> wrote: 
Dear Jeffrey, 
I have one question, which is hard to me to ask...i've check he tickets to Paris on March 26-30,would be amazing to 
spend a short weekend with Vldas... 
I am wondering If there would be a possibility to stay at you place (in the new, little room) which once you've offered 
to me if I come to PAris? 
Best wishes! 
Big Klsss! 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663925

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663926.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663926.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Kevin Law" <1 
To:
CC:" 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 20:47:09 +0000 
 r 
Thx you all. 
KL 
From: Cecile de Jongh  
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmaitcom> 
Cc: Kevin Law; Brice Gordon <i
Sent: Fri Feb 25 14:04:23 2011 
Subject: Re: 
Ok 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 25, 2011, at 2:24 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
please have kevin law„ driven by leon„ he should use the jet skis, maybe carlos or casey can take him fishing„ 
he will be staying on st john there monday thru friday 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663926

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663927.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663927.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin < 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: my bio 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 20:51:27 +0000 
Importance Normal 
please come for dinner tonight .8pm or later? 
Date: Thu, 24 Feb 2011 17:42:16 -0500 
Subject: Fwd: m bio 
From: 
To: 
Forwarded message 
From: < 
Date: Thu, Feb 24, 2011 at 5:35 PM 
Subject: my bio 
To: jeevacationagmail.com 
EFTA00663927
--- PAGE 2 ---
*********************************************************** 
The information contained In this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-dient privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663928

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663929.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.eom> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 21:06:05 +0000 
Sent me a message saying sorry she was sleeping earlier and has now gone to an appointment. She says she 
worked till 1.30 last night 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663929

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663930.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Gmax"
To: <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Fwd: Urgent media query for your client Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Fri, 25 Feb 2011 21:30:18 +0000 
She was 17 when I met her.. 
---- Original Message ----
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Gmax 
Sent: Fri Feb 25 16:25:06 2011 
Subject: Fwd: Urgent media query for your client Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
different locations 
--- 
Forwarded message ---
From: CHRISTOPHER E KNIGHT 
Date: Fri, Feb 25, 2011 at 3:48 PM 
Subject: RE: Urgent media query for your client Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
To: "Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr." <e>, 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com>, ' 
Lilly Ann Sanchez •fl>, 
Darren Indyke 
Wait for Darren to reply who will run by Marty and/or Jack. 
Darren, do you want Joe to refer them to someone else or ignore? Talk to JEE. 
Christopher E. Knight 
Managing Shareholder 
vCard <http://www.fowler-white.com/uploads/illumanet/news/Christopher%20E %20Knight.vcf> I Biography <hS://www.fowler-
white.com/Attomeys/id/1> I Website <http://fowler-white.com>
EFTA00663930
--- PAGE 2 ---
Espirito Santo Plaza 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
14th Floor 
Miami, Florida 33131 
www.fowler-white.com <http://fowler-white.com>
From: Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr. 
Sent: Friday, February 25, 2011 3:30 PM 
To: Jeffrey Epstein; 
; CHRISTOPHER E. KNIGHT; Lilly Ann Sanchez; Darren Indyke 
Subject: Fwd: Urgent media query for your client Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
See below. Pls advise what if any response we should make. 
Joe Ackerman 
Begin forwarded message: 
From:
Date: February 25, 2011 3:20:34 PM EST 
To:
Subject: Urgent media query for your client Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Mr. Ackerman: 
We will be most grateful for responses from Mr. Jeffrey Epstein on the 
following; 
I. That 
is Jane Doe 102 
2. That Mr. Epstein regularly paid her a minimum of $200 for sexual favors 
from the age of 15 
3. That Mr. Epstein funded and organised a trip in March 2001 to Europe on 
which 
travelled. 
4. That Mr. Epstein and Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell introduced 
to Prince 
Andrew and she had sex with the Prince during the London leg of that trip. 
5. That Mr. Epstein paid 
$I5000 on the same trip, a few days 
after she had sex with the Prince. 
6. That Mr. Epstein arranged for Andrew to have two further sexual 
encounters with 
-- one at Mr. Epstein's house in New York, one in 
the US Virgin Islands on his private island, Little St. James. 
Our deadline is noon EST tomorrow (SAT). 
With best regards, 
EFTA00663931
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sharon Churcher 
Chief American Correspondent 
The Mail on Sunday (London) 
Office phone: + 
Cell phone: 
email: 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic20537.jpg) 
This e-mail and any attached files are intended for the named addressee 
only. It contains information which may be confidential and legally 
privileged and also protected by copyright. Unless you are the named 
addressee (or authorised to receive for the addressee) you may not copy or 
use it, or disclose it to anyone else. If you received it in error please 
notify the sender immediately and then delete it from your system. Please 
be advised that the views and opinions expressed in this e-mail may not 
reflect the views and opinions of Associated Newspapers Limited or any of 
its subsidiary companies. We make every effort to keep our network free 
from viruses. However, you do need to check this e-mail and any attachments 
to it for viruses as we can take no responsibility for any computer virus 
which may be transferred by way of this e-mail. Use of this or any other 
e-mail facility signifies consent to any interception we might lawfully 
carry out to prevent abuse of these facilities. 
Associated Newspapers Ltd. Registered Office: Northcliffe House, 2 Derry 
St, Kensington, London, W8 5TT. Registered No 84121 England. 
This e-mail and any attached files are intended for the named addressee only. It contains information, which may be confidential and 
legally privileged and also protected by copyright. Unless you are the named addressee (or authorised to receive for the addressee) you 
may not copy or use it, or disclose it to anyone else. If you received it in error please notify the sender immediately and then delete it from 
your system. Please be advised that the views and opinions expressed in this e-mail may not reflect the views and opinions of Associated 
Newspapers Limited or any of its subsidiary companies. We make every effort to keep our network free from viruses. However, you do 
need to check this e-mail and any attachments to it for viruses as we can take no responsibility for any computer virus which may be 
transferred by way of this e-mail. Use of this or any other e-mail facility signifies consent to any interception we might lawfully carry out 
to prevent abuse of these facilities. 
Associated Newspapers Ltd. Registered Office: Northcliffe House, 2 Derry St, Kensington, London, W8 51T. Registered No 84121 
England. 
•*TAX MATTERS- IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: To ensure compliance with requirements imposed by the IRS, we inform you that any 
tax advice contained in this communication (including attachments) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any 
transaction or matter addressed herein. If you would like such advice, please contact us.••• •••Attention: The information contained in 
this E-mail message is attomey privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. If the 
reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copy of this 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender by reply E-mail and 
destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00663932
--- PAGE 4 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright •all rights reserved 
EFTA00663933

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663934.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic ctEIMI
> 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 21 May 2015 14:36:57 +0000 
Great. 
See you soon 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
Original Message 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 5/21/2015 6:23 AM 
To: "Boris Nikolic" 
Subject: Re: 
6? 
On Thu, May 21, 2015 at 12:52 AM, Boris Nikolic •S> 
wrote: 
have you time to meet today Thursday? 
I am in NYC 
B 
Date: Mon, 18 May 2015 12:15:39 -0400 
Subject: 
From: 'eevacation a mail.com 
To: 
news? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00663934
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663935

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663936.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663936.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
-
Basketball 
Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2015 16:51:46 +0000 
Thank You very much Jeffrey ,but I'm not sure about this wed. I have to confirm with boy , he's coming back to 
the city on wed evening . Not sure yet what time 
Sent from Yahoo Mail for iPhone 
On Monday, November 30, 2015, 11:48 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com.> wrote: 
yes please 
Forwarded messa  e
From: Melanie Spinella 
Date: MotiNov 30, 2015 at 12:47 PM 
Subject: 
- Basketball 
To: "jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com>
Hi — Leon said if she wants December 2nd — Knicks v. 76ers — you can have them. Please let me know 
Melanie Spinella I Apollo Management 
9Wen 57th Street, New York, New York 10019 
212 515 3320 Lan 21212 515 P61 Wax) 
Executive Assistant to Leon D. Black 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to 
whom they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities 
other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender 
and delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00663936
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663937

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663938.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joshua Cooper Ramo
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: (no subject) 
Date: Sat, 31 May 2014 17:59:57 +0000 
Yes. 
When do you leave on Tuesday? 
On May 31, 2014 11:29 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Let's talk 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663938

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663939.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663939.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mark Lloyd
To: Jeffrey Epstein # <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Qatari Buys Picasso, Jay Z Defends Himself Against Abramovie, and Sotheby's Money-
Themed Sale 
Date: Thu, 21 May 2015 14:51:02 +0000 
Sent from my iPad 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "artnet News"
Date: 21 May 2015 15:47:09 WEST 
To:  
Subject: Qatari Buys Picasso, Jay Z Defends Himself Against Abramovie, and Sotheby's Money-Themed 
Sale 
Reply-To: 
Trouble viewing this email? Click here. 
le art net 
May 21, 2015 
Member of Qatar's Al Thani Family Revealed as Buyer 
of Record-Breaking $179 Million Picasso 
READ MORE 
Jay Z Defends Himself Against Marina AbramoviO 
Accusation with Proof of Donation 
EFTA00663939
--- PAGE 2 ---
READ MORE 
See the Top Ten Booths at Photo London 2015 
READ MORE 
Naked Avarice Grips Art World as Sotheby's Offers 
$93 Million Money-Themed Sale 
READ MORE 
Happening Now in London 
EFTA00663940
--- PAGE 3 ---
Photo London 
Marian Goodman Gallery 
London 
Thomas Struth 
London 
VIEW 
VIEW 
EXPLORE EVENTS 
Follow us 
I 
This email was sent t 
by Artnet Worldwide Corporation. 
233 Broadway, 26th Floor, New York. NY. 10279, USA. 
Unsubscribe from this list. register to receive artnet newsletters, or update  your profile.
For more information, please contact us at 
or view the artnet Privac 
Y_. 
EFTA00663941

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663942.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663942.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Lang, Caroline" < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 17 Jun 2014 18:01:40 +0000 
The 21th of June is the day of the "fete de la musique" .If you have never been in a Paris for such event, you 
should come, the entire country plays music and dance. In Paris, it's great. 
I am going to check tomorrow about DSK and see my fathers agenda 
Le 17 juin 2014 A 19:28, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> a ecrit : 
I am trying to come to parts the week of the 22 ? dsk? you , father? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663942

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663943.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 31 May 2014 17:59:59 +0000 
I am happy to hear. 
Does this mean I can finally send an invoice... 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
P 631.737.5900 I C 
intljet.com 
On May 31, 2014, at 12:40 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jetos@gmail.com> wrote: 
not quite, but the plane is almost non sqawk. . little by little thanks 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663943

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663944.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663944.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Martin Weinberg
To: Jeff Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Attorney client 
Date: Sat, 28 Nov 2015 14:40:26 +0000 
Available for call when convenient for you 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663944

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663945.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: :)) 
Date: Fri, 13 Jun 2014 00:31:35 +0000 
http://mssianselties.tumbIrcom/ 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663945

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663946.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Melanie Spinella
To: 'jeffrey E.' <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Julia < 
Subject: RE: Julia - Basketball 
Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2015 16:50:33 +0000 
Where do I send them? 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmarl.com] 
Sent: Monday, November 30, 2015 11:49 AM 
To: Julia; Melanie Spinella 
Subject: Fwd: Julia - Basketball 
yes please 
Forwarded message  
From: Melanie Spinella  
Date: Mon, Nov 30, 2015 at 12:47 PM 
Subject: Julia - Basketball 
To: "jeffrey E."
Hi — Leon said if she wants December r d — Knicks v. 76ers — you can have them. Please let me know 
Melanie Spinella I Apollo Management 
9West 57th Street, New York, New York 10019 
lit 212 515 3320 Lan 
£212) 515 3261 (Fax) 
Executive Assistant to Leon D. Black 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom 
they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities 
other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender 
and delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom 
they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities 
EFTA00663946
--- PAGE 2 ---
other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender 
and delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA00663947

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663948.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 16:15:58 +0000 
Yes great better actually 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 18 mai 2014, at 15:18, "jeffrey E." leevacation®gmail.cotn> wrote: 
does 7 pm work? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663948

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663949.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lany Cohen
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Fri, 23 May 2014 21:23:24 +0000 
Will do — morning or end of day? 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, May 23, 2014 8:49 AM 
To: Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
lets set aside 2 112 hours on the june 3 rd 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663949

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663950.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663950.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lany Visoski 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 16:14:08 +0000 
Ok will send note,. 
I also sent email to G550 broker to call me,. 
I like your choice ! 
Thx 
Lany 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 25, 2015, at 12:08 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
send a note to bothe garys guy in mexico and the african, are you still interested? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663950

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663951.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663951.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 18:13:01 -4)000 
I lovc arc ynu 
EFTA00663951

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663952.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663952.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: G Maxwell < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 31 May 2014 18:16:42 +0000 
NY. Boy is wonderful. You 
Gx 
Facebook - http://www.facebook.com/terramarproject
Twitter - @Terramarproject 
Pinterest - http://www.pinterest.com/Terramarproject
Instagram - httpiLbstagrart
rnpl_
loqkayeqL 
Citizenship - http://theterramarproject.orgfitcitizenship
The Daily Catch - http://theterramarproject.org/thedailycatch
On May 31, 2014, at 12:43 PM, "jeffrey E." <jesios@gmail.com> wrote: 
now where? hows the boy? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663952

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663953.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663953.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 11
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 21 Jun 2016 14:18:15 +0000 
Thank you - very kind. Azzedine has prepared the room and is happy to play my morn. But thk you very much 
Ariane de Rothschild 
On 21 Jun 2016, at 16:15, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
you are also welcome to my apt. valdson is there it would be private. no one the wiser 
On Tue, Jun 21, 2016 at 10:10 AM, 
wrote: 
Did you see their scandal in Brasi 
Ariane de Rothschild 
On 21 Jun 2016, at 16:02, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
httplAvww.nytimes.com/2016/06/21/businessidealbook/credit-suisse-chief-contends-with-growing-
tensions-and-a-sink i ng-stock.html?hpw&rre f=business&action=c I ick&pgtype=Homepage&modu le—we I 1-
region&region=bottom-well&WT.nav=bottom-well 
On Tue, Jun 21, 2016 at 9:48 AM, 
wrote: 
Both places ice cold 
B in Paris and a disaster, so much so that i will stay at Azzedine s place tomorrow - tired of handling him 
Had lunch with Tom Kalaris 2 days ago . Super smart man . He asked the only really interesting question 
: are you bored in this job ? Loved it 
Ariane de Rothschild 
On 21 Jun 2016, at 11:57, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
cold in paris or geneve?. . hows B . better or worse? 
On Tue, Jun 21, 2016 at 5:45 AM, 
Nothing from Rockefeller ( and no surprise there - total waiste of time) 
The weather is totally impossible- hate the cold 
Ariane de Rothschild 
On 21 Jun 2016, at 11:39, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
wrote: 
hope you get some rest. . not likely i guess. . did goldman come with valuatiion? . any more 
from rockefeller.? 
EFTA00663953
--- PAGE 2 ---
On The, Jun 21, 2016 at 1:45 AM 
wrote: 
Sony . I think i caught the flue . 
In the near future, downsize and sell on tops( volatility, spreads, etc) 
Medium term: weak growth prospects- buy disruptive tech, 
Focus on trends that will reshape the world ( including migration flows ) 
Long term : buy land and grow crops and become wise 
Arian de Rothschild 
On 20 Jun 2016, at 12:00, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
the silcon valley boys will be here today , to discuss how to make money in the future. any 
ideas that you would like to bounce off them? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00663954
--- PAGE 3 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663955

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663956.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeff <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: David Blaine forMArda edit.docx 
Date: Tue, 26 May 2015 20:47:20 +0000 
Attachments: David Blaine for
_ 
_ 
Arda_edit.docx 
Can you have David sign this please? 
EFTA00663956

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663957.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Peggy Siegal 
Date: Tue, 05 May 2015 15:11:25 +0000 
FYI...please see below ..Peggy is asking for an email outlining what you are looking for... 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Peggy Siegal < 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Dat • 
To: ' 
Marisa Fran 
Francesca Borgognone 
Amanda...send Lesley all the updated contacts for those listed below. 
Lesley, just use my name. Edwina von Gal is the very artistically important landscape architect who has a 
wood house on stilts in the Springs in East Hampton. She does NOT do party design but may know people 
who do. She is a serious artists so treat her with due respect. 
David Monn is a talented party designer/florist. He does the New York Library galas beautifully. Again, these 
guys are event oriented, but may have an assistant in mind who wants a permanent job on sight using David as 
the supplier. 
Susan Smith, is Kathy Rayner's "in house" party designer, table top genius and the best in the country. She is a 
conservative timid gardner with extra ordinary taste and could use another big client. She will never leave 
Kathy....but could use more work. She does some work for Carol Mack too. 
Bronson van Wyck has a big business and is expensive. He just did a week of Whitney openings. He also 
works for David Koch...etc. He may know some young person to assign to Jeffrey, keeping the account...or 
just sending you talented kids. 
I will email and call Bronson now. Do you want to send me an email outlining what Jeffrey is looking for. 
Peggy 
Original Mes:faie  
mm
. 
From: Lesley Gro 
Sent: Tuesday, May 05, 2015 10:21 AM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Cc: Amanda Skarbnik 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Morning Peggy...just following up on Jeffrey's below requests...thank you! 
On May 4, 2015, at 4:42 PM, Peggy Siega 
wrote: 
EFTA00663957
--- PAGE 2 ---
Racing to the Met Ball. Will do tomorrow. Peg 
Original Mess 
From: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Monday, May 
, 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Cc: Amanda Skarbnik 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello Peggy...Jeffrey would like contact information for: 
David Mun 
Susan Smith 
Edward von Gail 
Also, Jeffrey would like to meet with Bronson Van Wyck this week... if you could make an introduction, I can 
set up the appointment... 
Thank you, 
Lesley 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00663958

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663959.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663959.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joi Ito 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 16:26:05 +0000 
I just got up. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 18, 2014, at 6:22, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
meeting with joe at 10 . call if you are awake, 212 772 9416 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663959

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663960.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jermaine Ruan"
To: "'Jeffrey E."' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Fri, 23 May 2014 21:51:52 +0000 
I will check it for you on Monday and order the speaker if needed. 
Regards 
JRuan 
From: Jeffrey E. [mallto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, May 23, 2014 5:07 PM 
To: Jermaine Ruan 
Subject: Re: 
I got it to work , but the west speaker is too low or tweeter damages the entire sound of the speakter 
On Fri, May 23, 2014 at 5:05 PM, Jermaine Ruan < 
> wrote: 
Good day boss, 
No sir. When I tested it, the receiver turned itself off twice and removed itself from Airplay device list on the mac. I believe 
either the mac is sending bad packets, which is causing the receiver shut down or volume output 'protocols' is too high or 
set incorrectly on the mac and the receiver automatically shuts down as a safe guard (which is odd. The specs of the 
receiver states that it is more than adequate for the mac). I should have an answer by Monday. I have a friend that has a 
lower model receiver, but it has the airplay feature. I will be able to take a look at it on Sunday afternoon. I believe I can 
find a solution by cross referencing his setup with yours or at least be put on the right path. 
Regards 
JRuan 
P.S. 
I placed the ipad you asked to be reset on kitchen table next to your macbook. 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:j
@g
eevacation 
mail tom 
Sent: Friday, May 23, 2014 4:20 PM 
To: Jermaine Ruan 
Subject: 
did we get the five palms stereo to work 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00663960
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663961

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663962.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663962.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brad Wechsler <1 
To: leevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: ' 
< 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 21 May 2015 13:48:09 +0000 
After you meet andrew today hopefully you and I will feel we have 2 or 3 candidates (gittes, person, shoenfeld person and 
today's slimfast person) to choose from for the position(s) adjacent to RJ. On a different note, I know you're not enamored 
with the notion of a coo/cfo but I wld like to introduce you to the rockefeller guy (leon met). Will you be arnd next week? 
Hopefully, ray chambers guy shortly thereafter also... 
From: Brad Wechsler 
Sent: Wednesday, May 20, 2015 02:28 PM 
To: leevacation@gmail.comi <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Jeffrey-i'll be in a car on my way to a kids graduation tomorrow when you meet andrew fox but looking forward to hearing 
your impressions. He's somewhat odd in his presentation but push him on substance; systems in particular.... B 
From: Brad Wechsler 
Sent: Wednesday, May 20, 2015 07:39 AM 
To: leevacation@gmail.com' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Agree 
From: Jeffrey E. [malltoleevacation@gmall.00m] 
Sent: Wednesday, May 20, 2015 06:31 AM 
To: Brad Wechsler; Melanie Spinella < 
Subject: 
you were right a solid B, nice guy. we need many more interviews. before choice 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
www.rnax.com 
IMAX6 is a registered trademark of HOAX Corporation. 
EFTA00663962
--- PAGE 2 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
Information contained in this e-mail correspondence and any attachments is confidential information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named 
above. 
Any reader of this message who is not the intended recipient of this correspondence is hereby notified that any dissemination. distribution. copying 
or communication of the contents of this correspondence is strictly prohibited. If this e-mail was not addressed to you . please immediately notify us 
by phone in Canada at (905) 403-6500 (collect calls will be accepted) or by email at 
and delete and destroy this 
correspondence inadvertently sent to you. Thank you 
EFTA00663963

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663964.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc: Lyn fontanilla 
Job  Fontanilla 
, merwin dela cruz 
Subject: Michael Wolff 
Date: Thu, 21 May 2015 13:59:19 +0000 
Sue 
Michael Wolff will come see you at 2pm today 
Thurs. Mar 21, 2015 NY 
10:30-12:30pm Kwyna's Graduation Ceremony at the Armin Track & Field Center 
216 Fort Washington Ave (between 168th & 160 Streets) 
Luncheon Reception to follow, concluding at 2pm 
12:00pm Appt wi 
12:30pm LUNCH w/Noam and Valeria Chontsky (Valeria: 
2:00pm Appt w/Michael Wolff() 
3:00pm Chomsky's and Svet depart for Teterboro 
4:00pm Chomskys flight via Jet Suite 
3:00pm appt w/Arda (901 351-7675) CALL DAVID MITCHELL WHEN ARDA AT HOUSE (David: 917 362-
8787) 
TBD Jed Garfield to show house to Myles Kwok (Jed 
4:00pm Appt w/Anthony Barrett AT 301 (MM) 
EFTA00663964
--- PAGE 2 ---
5:30pm Appt iv/Ari Glass (MI
) 
EFTA00663965

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663966.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663966.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
MMEn 
To: "Jeffrey E." 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 13 Jun 2014 01:12:45 +0000 
Yes thank you dear Jeffrey:) Pm here surrounded with my great friends:))) 
Hope everything good with you too:) 
Sending my love, 
Polina 
EFTA00663966

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663967.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Alert - graduation 
Date: Thu, 21 May 2015 13:28:07 +0000 
May 21, 2015 9:00 AM : graduation 
EFTA00663967

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663968.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663968.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nowak, Martin" < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 21 May 2015 13:16:38 +0000 
it was great!!! 
thank you so much. 
there were still some key players of PED not present 
tibor, ben allen, krish, ivana, moshe, carl, oliver, yu-ting 
a strong team 
On May 20, 2015, at 11:02 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
great funn, thanks 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663968

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663969.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 21 May 2015 11:46:11 +0000 
Ok! 
On Thursday, May 21, 2015, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
come to house at 1130 
On Thu, Ma 21, 2015 at 7:28 AM 
wrote: 
Hello! 
feeling fine. Just nose running a itt e it 
On Thursday, May 21, 2015, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how do you feel? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663969

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663970.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 17 Nov 2015 11:55:30 +0000 
Skype ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
and 
EFTA00663970

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663971.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Alert - julia bd 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 13:33:19 +0000 
May 25, 2015 9:00 AM : julia bd 
EFTA00663971

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663972.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Bobby Slayton 
Date: Sun, 26 Jul 2015 18:29:15 +0000 
Please see below from bobby. We do have 8A available. Ok to let Bobby stay Sept 13-16? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From:
Date: July 26, 2015 at 2:20:41 PM EDT 
To: Jeff E Leslie <Lesley..j@gmail.com>
Subject: Girlfriend!! 
Hope it's not too early (or too late) to place a request for Chez Slay? Sunday/Sept 13 (late evening) and leaving 
Weds/16th. (Probably early afternoon.) It would help me out greatly between a couple of Upstate NY gigs!! 
Sent from my iPad 
EFTA00663972

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663973.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: DITTO a 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: The Latest 
Date: Fri, 13 Jun 2014 02:11:48 +0000 
Web Version 
20ITT 
logo 
MEN 
WOMEN 
DESIGNERS 
SALE 
EFTA00663973
--- PAGE 2 ---
P)Iew Arrivals from Starck 
EFTA00663974
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00663975
--- PAGE 4 ---
a3004 
itStarck Eyewear 
EFTA00663976
--- PAGE 5 ---
Connect with us: 
fac 
ins 
nv 
go 
Check out our blog: 
bl 
181 2nd Ave Ste 401. San Mateo. CA. 94401 
Unsubscribe 
Privacy Policy 
EFTA00663977

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663978.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L." < 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 21 Jun 2016 14:15:31 +0000 
Yes sir! 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Tuesday, June 21, 2016 10:13 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L; Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: 
ill try to re arrange and get back to you early afternoon 
On Tue, Jun 21, 2016 at 10:11 AM, Farkas, Andrew L.
Nope. I am open today from 5-7 though. Anything work in there? 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Monday, June 20, 2016 8:21 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: Re: 
-12? 
> wrote: 
>
On Mon, Jun 20, 2016 at 5:52 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. < 
wrote:
Tomorrow and through the balance of the week. Visit? 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Monday, June 20, 2016 8:00 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
you aroiund? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00663978
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is 
confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not 
the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, 
disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and 
destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or 
hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
WE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or 
protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you 
have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. 
Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification 
of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
EFTA00663979
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA00663980

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663981.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: soon yi previn
To: Jeffrey Epstein
Date: Wed, 25 Nov 2015 01:21:02 +0000 
From Woody: speechless over receiving birthday present from you. Between that and the Lactaid you spoil me. 
Thank you so much. Always wanted that exact robe. As life plays cruel tricks, it itches. I am therefore sending it 
mint an unworn (except a five second try on) to be returned. Doubtless a minion of yours can either get some 
Euros back or at worst, store credit. I would be happy with either as my present as I can always put the Euros to 
good use and I wear only Zimmerlee underwear. It was unnecessary to get me a gift but a lovely gesture which I 
will not forget. I guess Kate Upton was too expensive. 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone
EFTA00663981

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663982.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 01:20:10 +0000 
Ok 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 13, 2014, at 3:45 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
I spoke of brokc for 30 minutes 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663982

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663983.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 02 Jun 2014 11:29:16 +0000 
Hi Jeff, sorry i was away with no phone the last days . Needed it as last 2 weeks were rough. I m in Rheims for 
the champagne. Tonite in paris and back to gva tom mrng. Christophe is in Washington until wednesday . Where 
are you? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 2 juin 2014, at 12:45, "jeffrey E." <jea®gmail.com> wrote: 
??? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663983

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663984.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: President <a> 
To: jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hello 
Date: Fri, 13 Jun 2014 06:53:13 +0000 
I want to let you know that Lynne Meloccaro made contact with your Paris protege. It went well; I think we will 
be able to use him. 
I will see him when I return 
Leon 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663984

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663985.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®grnail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 23 May 2014 21:56:49 +0000 
Thank you :)) I appreciate it. 
I know it would mean a lot to Julia so I may have to brave the flight connection in Atlanta. 
Still at JFK, flight delayed 2.5 hours 1T1 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 23, 2014, at 4:56 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
you are both welcome to palm beach sun and monday 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663985

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663986.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joi Ito 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 16:25:56 +0000 
Joe? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 18, 2014, at 6:22, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
meeting with joe at 10 . call if you are awake, 212 772 9416 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663986

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663987.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663987.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joi Ito 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 13 Apr 2014 22:37:30 +0000 
Sony, had a meeting from 5:30... 
On Apr 13, 2014, at 5:33 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i assume you are on the phone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663987

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663988.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 'The New York Times" < 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Limited Time to Come Back and Get 5o% off a Times Subscription 
Date: Mon, 25 May 201510:02:15 +0000 
View in browser 
The New York Times 
Don't miss this special introductory offer. 
The Joys of Summer 
EFTA00663988
--- PAGE 2 ---
Save 50% for 26 weeks 
This email was sent to you as a former subscriber to The New York Times. 
This sale expires on May 27. 2015.9 •. 
ET. 
Mobile apps are not supported on all devices. Does not include Times Premier content. e-reader editions or digital versions of The New York 
Times Crossword. Home Delivery promotional offer valid for new subscribers in areas served by The New York Times Delivery Service. 
Other restrictions apply. 
To ensure delivery of emails from The New York Times. please add 
Privacy Policy I Contact Us I Unsubscribe 
2015 The New York Times Company 
I
M
.
Box 8041. Davenport. IA 52808-8041 
c,r 
to your address book. 
EFTA00663989

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663990.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Peter L. Corsell" 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 05 May 2015 14:58:29 +0000 
Hey, 
So, I forwarded your email to David and we discussed. In addition to the fact that the proposal was unsigned by 
Boris (but let's leave that aside), David doesn't like the note structure because his attorneys believe he will have 
more protection as the general partner of a new vehicle that actually owns the shares. Rather than potentially 
obtaining a judgment and having to collect from Boris personally. 
David would like Boris to choose one of the two offers he submitted to Gunderson, based on Gunderson's 
original framework (the one you sent to me and then I sent it to David and then his attorneys edited it and then 
David signed it and sent it to Gunderson). He expects Boris to choose one of those structures, make a counter 
proposal, initial his changes, sign the document and have Gunderson send it back to David. 
At this point, I would really like to limit my involvement and the time I spend on this. So, if you think Boris can 
work with you and his attorneys to counter one of David's proposals in writing, I think that would be best and 
most efficient. It's all the same economics anyway. 
Peter 
On May 4, 2015, at 6:55 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
he will sign this, you have my word, . howver the market is now 150 500 as i see it . my guess is that 250 
does it 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<Promissory Note to David Schwarz(1).doc> 
EFTA00663990

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663991.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein -4 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2015 16:39:00 +0000 
Jeffrey !!! I finally found an agency who wants to make me work !!!! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
and 
EFTA00663991

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663992.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 30 Jul 2015 14:59:17 +0000 
Johana replied (again with a big delay) that she doesn't know yet when she can help. 
Arina said she was sick, in hospital (I think we heard this story at least twice before), she isn't sick to keep her 
Instagram active.,, 
All the best, 
Envoy& de mon iPhone 
EFTA00663992

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663993.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
, Martin Nowak
Martin Nowak 
Subject: Andy Strominger 
Date: Fri, 11 Apr 2014 10:56:00 +0000 
Andy Strominger has confirmed he will come see you at 2pm on Wed. April 23rd at Martin's Institute. 
Wed. April 23, 2014 NY-BOSTON 
2:00pm Appt w/Andy Strominger (andrewstrominger@gmailcom)
4:30pm TENTATIVE Appt iv/Michael Hopkins and Martin Nowak 
Check out of the Charles Hotel 
TBD Depart Boston for NY 
TBD Arrive NY 
EFTA00663993

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663994.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cecile de Joni:. 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 13 Jun 2014 10:43:08 +0000 
Ok 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone and misspellings courtesy of iPhone. 
On Jun 13, 2014, at 6:16 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
extended length surburban, 20 15 not 14, normal wheels 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663994

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663995.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 02 Jun 2014 11:34:51 +0000 
I told Jen and 
where they were. They got them out and ready and confirmed back with me 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 1, 2014, at 5:59 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
how again is this possible , nothing happned , ten emails i called you multiple times on this silly subject. 
and as of this moment ZEROmintimiti 
On Sun, Jun 1, 2014 at 11:59 AM, 
wrote: 
I will either come round to wrap them or instruct Jen. Do we need gift wrapping? Actually I think I want to 
do it so I know it's done. I think we should at least wrap the children's 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 1, 2014, at 10:32 AM, "jeffrey E." leeia®grrtn> 
wrote: 
terje sweatshirts???? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00663995
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00663996

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663997.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Mark L. Epstein" -MIMIMI=> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 1 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 23:44:45 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 0106.MOV 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663997

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00663998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00663998.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Gro 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Mr. Kiss 
Date: Wed, 13 May 2015 16:09:11 +0000 
yes, it's odd..when you google the CET time you get: 
Central European Time is 5 hours ahead of Eastern Time 
5:05 PM Wednesday, Central European Time (CET) is 
12:05 PM Wednesday, Eastern Time (ET) 
but when I went to a web site to convert the time the table is 6 hours...sorry about that! 
http://www.worldtimebuddy.comicet-to-est-converter 
On May 13, 2015, at 12:04 PM, jeffrey E. <jacmacatign@egkiil Cr
 wrote: 
sorry i was told 5 hour not 6 
On Wed, May 13, 2015 at 11:45 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
From Gudula: 
Yes, sorry, but it was past 5 pm, Mr Kiss had left the office. 
Below is also my mobile # where I can always take a message for Mr Kiss, and he could call back from where he 
is, in case the indicated schedules are difficult for Jeffrey. 
Best regards, 
On May 13, 2015, at 11:32 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I just tried he was not there 
On Wednesday, May 13, 2015, Lesley Grofl 
wrote: 
Please see below from MR. Kiss's office...would you like me to give him the island number? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Gudula Freytag <taskforce.gkgcloud.com> 
Subject: Phone call, Fwd: Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00663998
--- PAGE 2 ---
Date: May 13, 
To: Lesley Groff 
Hello Lesley, 
Mr Kiss is available again tomorrow, Thursday at-from 
9-12:30 am and 2-5 pm CET. 
If it is not possible for Jeffrey to call within the indicated schedule. I kindly ask you to communicate a 
number and appropriate time where & when Mr Kiss can call Jeffrey. 
Best regards, 
Gudula 
Anfang der weitergeleiteten Nachricht: 
Von: Gudula Freytag <taskforce.gk@icloud.com> 
Betreff: Aw: Jeffrey Epstein 
Datum: 13. Mai 2015 10:20:40 MESZ 
An: Lesley Groff 
Hello Lesley, 
fz
you can reach Mr Kiss at the offic 
Gudula 
i
.o. Gudula Fre 
Am 12.05.2015 urn 17:53 schrieb Lesley Groff 
oday from 2-5 pm CET. 
Hello Gudula. Could we set up a time for Jeffrey to speak with Mr Kiss? Perhaps today or tomorrow? 
Please let me know. Thank you, Lesley 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00663999
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664000

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664001.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MINIII
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Reminder Joi Ito offered hell ride 
Date: Thu, 21 May 2015 11:41:52 +0000 
Reminder Joi Ito offered hell ride from airport to the Andaz hotel in Japan. Did you want Larry to coordinate 
this? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664001

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664002.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: :) 
Date: Sun, 04 May 2014 02:48:05 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
This stays in the vault ! S0000 funny! 
He was the doctor ;) Came in with briefs under the dr. coat, so when he started to take off the briefs Jackie 
started to panic and cover her eyes! Under the briefs he had this thong! Everyone was dancing and cracking up. 
He taught us all how to shake it before he left. Amazing! You would have loved it! 
Sent from my iPhoneLJ 
EFTA00664002

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664003.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Presiden 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 16:28:01 +0000 
Concert over at 5 30, how about 6 PM 
Original Message 
From: "jeffrey 
" <* 
To: "President" 
Sent: Sunday, 
ay 
Subject: Re: 
pm? 212 772 9416 
corn> 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 9:57 AM, President < 
wrote: 
MI 
What number when today? 
Leon 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 17, 2014, at 6:49 PM, President < 
> wrote: 
Off to rehearsal will call tomorrow what number? 
Leon 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 17, 2014, at 12:39 PM, "Jeffrey E." < jeevacation@gmail.com > wrote: 
are you around today or only monday, 
my colleague is going to visit a few universities in st petersburg 
next week, lets try to organize a tour of yours 
EFTA00664003
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664004

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664005.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jes Staley 
To: 'jeffrey E.' <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 18:14:05 +0000 
May 21 could work. 
From: Jeffrey E. [malltolemecation@gmall.comJ 
Sent: Tuesday, May 13, 2014 1:48 PM 
To: Brad S Karp; Jes Staley 
Subject: 
trying to schedule the screening for you and your kids of woodys movie, is the 19 20 21? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664005

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664006.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
ala 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 23 Apr 2014 21:35:18 +0000 
I waited for 30 min next to her home - to take a cab together - and then she texted me. Very silly. Very beautiful 
face - amazing eyes, but VERY stupid. Coming back uptown now 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664006

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664007.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 30 Apr 2015 21:21:48 +0000 
Can you call.me 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
Original Message 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 4/30/2015 2:19 PM 
To: "Boris Nikolic" czEIMI
> 
Subject: Re: 
you need to provide a number I boris am willing to pay 300 k plus the upside . when and if, and will provide 
semi annual updates as to the portions. 
On Thu, Apr 30, 2015 at 5:17 PM, Boris Nikolic -ta 
wrote: 
50% of upside and 1/2 of cost. 
But whatever you tell Peter the will use against me 
Peter immediately reaches out to David and they make plans how to extort more. 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: 4/30/2015 2:13 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: 
im happy to , what deal are you willing to do? any/ ? 
On Thu, Apr 30, 2015 at 5:10 PM, Boris Nikolic ca> 
wrote: 
Just ask him how is possible that David accused you that you fabricated and lied as he and Peter never said that 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
EFTA00664007
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: 4/30/2015 2:06 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: 
ok, peter and i had a perfect relationship. this is silly. ask peter. 
On Thu, Apr 30, 2015 at 5:00 PM, Boris Nikolic a 
wrote: 
They will not accept it like tho. 
Also both bgi and Gunderson think that I caused problem by engaging you and going around Gunderson 
And I told bgi and Larry that I will work with Gunderson on a response. 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: 4/30/2015 1:47 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: 
why? send them a debt obligation eveidinced by a note under ny law that says I will pay you x plus x percent of 
the carry I or my fund receives when either recieves it.. no more no less. you need a release from him since 
rody will not foreclose. and i dont know now whagunderson told them. 
On Thu, Apr 30, 2015 at 4:43 PM, Boris Nikolic a 
wrote: 
I will present them with a contra offer. I am just waiting for Gunderson. 
You can't imagine how I hate a position I am in 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: 4/30/2015 1:40 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: 
that wont be helpful, are you just going to wait . ? your call. or present them an offer that you can live with , no 
matter how little or much 
EFTA00664008
--- PAGE 3 ---
On Thu, Apr 30, 2015 at 4:12 PM, Boris Nikolic cza> 
wrote: 
I do not know. He sent me a txt earlier asking me how I am doing 
Please just wait 
If he cLls you tell him that a deal they sent me is no deal. Ask him re David accusing you of fabrication 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: 4/30/2015 12:57 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
do you want me to call peter? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notif us immediate) by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00664009
--- PAGE 4 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notif us immediate) by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notif us immediate) by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00664010
--- PAGE 5 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notif us immediate) by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notif us immediate) by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664011

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664012.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild"
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 16:43:29 +0000 
Is it a pb if we make it 8:00 ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 18 mai 2014, at 15:18, "jeffrey E." leevacation®gmail.cotn> wrote: 
does 7 pm work? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jmS®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664012

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664013.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 07:15:11 +0000 
Good morning Jeffrey, 
It's not really what I have expected. I guess I have to give it a month or so...are you still in Paris? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mays 6, 2014, at 8:45, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
hows the job? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664013

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664014.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Brandon Thompson 
Date: Tue, 05 May 2015 14:56:03 +0000 
Brandon will be traveling to LSJ tomorrow am 
Brandon says he will need 3 weeks to finish job and will now send daily pictures 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 646-350-0954 
cel 
EFTA00664014

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664015.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 23 May 2014 22:15:25 +0000 
how about this? 
http://www.rhbabyandchild.comicatalog/productiproductjsp?productld—rhbc_prod440000 
EFTA00664015

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664016.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Questions for Jeffrey Epstein NY Times 
Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2015 16:33:21 +0000 
ok, will try him again in a bit! 
On Nov 30, 2015, at 11:32 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacationggmail.com> wrote: 
no 
On Mon, Nov 30, 2015 at 12:31 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Barry did not answer his office or cell phone...is it OK for me to leave him a message with Martin and 
Lawrence's phone numbers and email addresses? 
On Nov 30, 2015, at 11:08 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
cal him and give them to him along with their emails 
On Mon, Nov 30, 2015 at 12:01 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Barry agreed to talking off the record before I said anything...he agreed to for a few minutes...I told him 
i suggested he speak to either Martin Novak or Lawrence Krauss for a better idea of what you are 
doing..he asked me to email him their phone numbers...do you want me to email Barry their phone 
numbers? Then I told Barry re the interview, I forwarded the requests to your lawyer...Barry said OK 
and asked again for me to email me the numbers to Martin and Lawrence... 
On Nov 30, 2015, at 10:18 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
call him , have him first agree the conversation is OFFTHE RECORD. and then sugggest he either 
talk to martin novak or lawrence krauss to get a better idea of what i have been doing . re the 
interview ,you have frwarded the requests to his lawyer. do not give him any names except krauss 
and novak 
On Mon, Nov 30, 2015 at 10:51 AM, Lesley Groff 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Meier, Barry" < 
Dat 
To: 
Subject: I t
irts 
or 
at 9:45:44 AM EST 
effrey Epstein 
wrote: 
Ms. Jee, 
Good morning. 
EFTA00664016
--- PAGE 2 ---
I hope you had a pleasant Thanksgiving holiday. 
By this email, I am requesting an interview with Jeffrey Epstein in connection with an article I am 
writing that deals with his case. Should Mr. Epstein decline to be interviewed, please ask him to 
state the reason or reasons why. 
Also, in the event he declines to be interviewed, please ask him to answer the following questions in 
writing. He should feel free to elaborate in any way he see fits. 
Here are my questions. 
1. Please describe your relationship with Alan Dershowtiz. Is it professional, social or both? 
2. Does Mr. Dershowitz still act as your lawyer? If so, in what capacity? Do you still compensate 
him for his legal services? If not when was the last time that you compensated him for his legal 
services? 
3. According to court papers, you have stated that your prison sentence was overly harsh. Why do 
you believe that was the case? 
4. Do you currently serve as an officer, executive, paid advisor or paid consultant to any companies, 
investment firms or business entities? If so, please list each one and the role or roles you play in it. 
5. It is my understanding that you meet socially or provide financial or philantrophic advice to a 
number of people. I have been told those people include, among others, Bill Gates, Woody Allen 
and Ehud Barack. Is that the case? 
Again, please feel to elaborate in any way you choose. 
Should Mr. Epstein decline to be interviewed, I would appreciate his responses by the close of 
business tomorrow (Tuesday), December I, 2015 
Regards 
Barry Meier 
The New York Times 
620 Eighth Avenue 
New York, NY 10018 
212-556-1917 
(c) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00664017
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664018

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664019.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 16:46:22 +0000 
Ended up not going to Paris. Woke up with a sore throat this morning and not feeling so well. Wasn't up for the 
long travel day. Thank you for offering the apt and Valdson..hopefully can take up the offer another time. 
EFTA00664019

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664020.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Mark L. Epstein" <=IMINI=> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 2 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 23:45:22 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 0112.MOV 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664020

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664021.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: matched 
Date: Sat, 07 Jun 2014 23:57:26 +0000 
Will do. 
Ann R. 
On Jun 7, 2014, at 7:54 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
pleae get some matches, kichten white strike, more fireplace ones, can't find any, thanks 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664021

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664022.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 23 Apr 2014 21:38:45 +0000 
And he said that it was some "good sushis" 
No comment 
Sax min Samaxg Stob,le 
Original message ------
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:23/04/2014 23:27 (GMT+01:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
http://www.nytimes.corn/2014/04/24/world/asia/obamas-first-order-of-business-in-tokyo-sushi-from-the-
master.html?hp
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®grnail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664022

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664023.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sam Hani
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 12 May 2015 14:50:19 +0000 
Only if we film it... :) 
Sam 
On May 12, 2015, at 5:23 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
sam, we met with john brockman at the ted event . I thought you might enjoy a dinner with woody alien , 
chomsky and me, it should be fun 
jeffrey epstein 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664023

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664024.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664024.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Nautica 
Date: Sat, 28 Nov 2015 13:20:58 +0000 
Ok,. I'll set up for 4:30pm for you„ 
Upon arrival, do you want me to send Dave Home or stay on STT? 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 28, 2015, at 7:36 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i would like to go to lsj around 6 . so i dont think there is enought time for you to trial and prep. I can go 
myself 
On Fri, Nov 27, 2015 at 5:46 PM, Larry Visoski c 
wrote: 
Jeffrey 
Ed is planning to launch the Nautica into the water at l lam tomorrow, Saturday. 
He testing new props, if boat preforms good, would you be able to sea trial? 
I land in Palm Beach at 3:30pm via airlines, would you prefer 4:30 sea trial, so I can accompany you? 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664024

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664025.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664025.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 30 Jul 2015 14:42:39 +0000 
Spoke to Valdson - the ac company technician never showed up, he doesn't know what to do - everyone is on 
vacation till September. 
Damien is installing the UD adaptor for the other 2 lamps. Everything will be ready to be shipped tomorrow. 
My Mom had a small surgery - the one she was thinking of doing a few years ago. Everything went well. 
All the best, 
Envoye de mon iPhonc 
EFTA00664025

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664026.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MINIII
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: 9:15 tomorrow with Leon Breakfast? 
Date: Thu, 21 May 2015 11:40:39 +0000 
Do you want the 9:15am with Leon Black tomorrow to be breakfast? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664026

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664027.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664027.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MINIII
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Walk the 301 today fro 4pm meeting? 
Date: Thu, 21 May 2015 11:39:46 +0000 
You have your meeting today at 4pm at 301 with Anthony Barrett. Do you wish to walk there and back? 
may not be back from taking chomskys to airport) 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664027

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664028.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Mr. Kiss 
Date: Wed, 13 May 2015 15:45:55 +0000 
From Gudula: 
Yes, sorry, but it was past 5 pm, Mr Kiss had left the office. 
Below is also my mobile # where I can always take a message for Mr Kiss, and he could call back from where he 
is, in case the indicated schedules are difficult for Jeffrey. 
Best regards, 
Gudula Freytag 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 13, 2015, at 11:32 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I just tried he was not there 
Mil 
On Wednesday, May 13, 2015, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Please see below from MR. Kiss's office... 
.e 
him the island number? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Gudula Freytag 
Subject: Phone call, Fwd: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: May 13, 2015 at 11:07:37 AM EDT 
To: Lesley Groff 
Hello Lesley, 
Mr Kiss is available again tomorrow, Thursday at +34-951.968.251 from 9-12:30 am and 2-5 pm CET. 
If it is not possible for Jeffrey to call within the indicated schedule, I kindly ask you to communicate a 
number and appropriate time where & when Mr Kiss can call Jeffrey. 
Best regards, 
Gudula 
EFTA00664028
--- PAGE 2 ---
Anfang der weitergeleiteten Nachricht: 
Von: Gudula Freytag 
Betreff: Aw: Jeffrey Epstein 
Datum: 13. Mai 2015 10:20:40 MESZ 
An: Lesley Groff 
111111
Hello Lesley, 
you can reach Mr Kiss at the office
Gudula 
.o. Gudula Fit 
Am 12.05.2015 um 17:53 schrieb Lesley Groff 
today from 2-5 pm CET. 
Hello Gudula. Could we set up a time for Jeffrey to speak with Mr Kiss? Perhaps today or tomorrow? 
Please let me know. Thank you, Lesley 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00664029
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664030

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664031.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: 
Date: Tue, 12 May 2015 14:17:54 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Jeffrey, sorry to bother, just wanted to check if you received my previous email.. 
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: you are the best!! 
Date: Mon, 11 May 2015 11:44:29 -0400 
Jeffrey, thank you so so so much for hosting my parents!!! I cannot describe how thankful I am... it means so 
much for me to have them here for such an important event in my life -graduation from Juilliard!! You are 
simply AMAZING. 
Jeffrey, I also wanted to ask you about the dentist. I went to see dr. Magnani today to fix some teeth and I asked 
him about the surgery. He suggests to move it after the commencement as he cannot guarantee I will be all ok 
in a week because of one particularly troubled wisdom tooth that might be complicated to pull off and could 
take some more time to heal... Should we postpone the date of surgery and move my flight? 
> From: 
> Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
> Date: Mon, 11 May 2015 09:42:08 -0400 
> To: 
> Hi Justina...hope the dentist goes well this morning! 
> Jeffrey says your parents may stay in an apartment for 2 weeks...Can you let me know if I have the dates 
correct... they will come to stay May 25th and depart on June 5th...right? 
> Let me know, thanks, 
EFTA00664031

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664032.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 21 May 2015 11:28:35 +0000 
Hello! I'm feeling fine. Just nose running a little bit 
On Thursday, May 21, 2015, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how do you feel? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664032

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664033.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 28 May 2014 17:09:06 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
I sent him an email 
B 
Date: Wed, 28 May 2014 09:08:05 -0400 
Subject: 
From: 
To: 
philip rosedale will be in new york for singuality universty, , see if he has time to meet us 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664033

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664034.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jes Stale 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 10 May 2015 14:51:48 +0000 
Arrived in NYC last night from Maine, via Zurich, via Dea, Spain. Great trip 
I am about to jump on a UBS board call (here we go). 
Are you in NY? 
Sent from my iPad 
On May 10, 2015, at 10:01 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
where are you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664034

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664035.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: question 
Date: Sun, 08 Jun 2014 00:36:00 +0000 
Hi! How are you? Even that I was in NY all week I didn't have time to possibly see you since I was gone for a 
while and had to run errands and also work..and leaving back to Europe tomorrow for at least another week... 
I went to my gynecologist this week, just a regular check up and she made me consider IUD....I did some 
research and not sure, I would prefer not to do anything, but I was wondering what is your opinion? The 
hormonal one, Mirena or copper one , Paraguard? 
Thank you 
EFTA00664035

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664036.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2015 16:24:38 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Yes! Nicolas Bergguren 
They are very close friends. 
B 
Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2015 12:23:51 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: "eevacation 
mail.com 
To: 
be gruen? 
On Mon, Nov 30, 2015 at 12:23 PM, Boris Nikolic 
OK. I was thinking that she sold her boat (one that Starck did?) 
She is great. 
Very close friend with Nicolas. 
B 
wrote: 
Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2015 12:21:47 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
thanks her boat is next to my isalnd 
On Mon, Nov 30, 2015 at 12:08 PM, Boris Nikoli 
If you need Laurene Jobs' (ex-Steve's wife) email it is 
> wrote: 
Please do NOT mention that you got her email from me - she broke up with my friend and it is 
complicated now. 
EFTA00664036
--- PAGE 2 ---
Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2015 07:36:09 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To 
do you have laura jobs email. ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00664037
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664038

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664039.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Barrett, Paul S" 
To: "'Jeffrey Epstein"' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Update 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 03:00:41 +0000 
Hi Jeffrey 
I want to show LB some new ideas around: 
- defense contractors 
- consolidation in satellite/cable/telephone 
- European dividends 
Any idea on when they will get us the account opening does? 
Paul 
Paul Barrett I Managing Director I Global Investment Opportunities Group I J.P. Morgan Securities LLC I J.P. 
Morgan Private Bank I 
320 Park Avenue 14th Floor, New York, NY 10022 I T: (212) 622-2770 I F: (212) 310-0108 I 
J.P. Morgan Chase Bank NA 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://wwwjpmorgan.corn/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA00664039

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664040.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: JE Jail 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 18:41:35 +0000 
Attachments: Ness-ad.mp4; Screen_shot_2011-03-23_at_2.32.29_PM.png 
Inline-Images: Screen_shot_2011-03-23_at_2.35.29_PM.png 
eeds 10 more min.. 
look at this :) 
EFTA00664040

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664041.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00664041

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664042.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein Gjeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 18:51:28 +0000 
calling 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@grnail.corn> 
To: 
Sent: Wed, March 23, 2011 2:25:40 PM 
Subject: Re: 
ok 
On Wed, Mar 23, 2011 at 2:19 PM, 
> wrote: 
Did you hang up? Arun can do 2.45. Thank you 
From: J 
E stein c'eeyacationegmail.com>
To: 
< 
> 
Sent Wed, March 23, 2011 1:16:04 PM 
Subject Re: 
ok 
On Wed, Mar 23, 2011 at 1:13 PM, 
> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationgmail.com> 
To: MI < 
> 
Sent: Wed, March 23, 2011 8:52:14 AM 
Subject: 
give me a time to call , 
************************************** 
********************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664042
--- PAGE 2 ---
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664043

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664044.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
, jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Gil update 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 14:55:06 +0000 
Jeffrey, 
Midcoast is trying to get the Gulfstream done by Midnight Friday night,. that is the goal, I will keep you posted,. 
I'm in Palm Beach now, and will keep heading north to New York with sikorsky, weather should clear in New York by Thursday 
night, for my arrival, 
thx 
Larry 
EFTA00664044

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664045.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Maria Hodge <MIMI
> 
To: "Jean-Pierre L. Oriol" <jp.oriol@dpnr.gov.vi> 
Subject: LSJ Island 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 19:21:20 +0000 
I understand that we are having a meeting with Commissioner Alicia Barnes and you on April 15, 2011. I look 
forward to seeing you then. Maria 
EFTA00664045

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664046.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace 
To: Jeffrey Epstei 
Cc: Gary Kerney < 
Brice Gordon < 
Sarah K 
Subject: Photographs - March 23, 2011 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 20:58:43 +0000 
Attachments: Flagpole_pool.JPG; Flagpole_pool_(2).JPG; Flagpole_pool_(3).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_(4).JPG; Flagpole_pool_(5).JPG; Flagpole_pool_(6).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_(7).JPG; Flagpole_pool_(8).JPG; Flagpole_pool_(9).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_(10).JPG; Flagpole_pool_(11).JPG; Flagpole_pool_(12).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_(13).JPG; Flagpole_pool_(14).JPG; Flagpole_pool_(15).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_(16).JPG; Flagpole_pool_(17).JPG; Flagpole_pool_(18).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_(19).JPG 
Greetings Mr. Epstein, 
March 23 photographs for your review and comments: 
Flagpole pool 
Flagpole pool house, pump room and septic system 
Landscaping hydroseeding mound behind Mechanical Desal 
Stonework on gym road 
Stonework on southeast road to kite house 
Library 
Respectfully submitted, 
Daphne 
EFTA00664046

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664047.pdf
----------------------------------------
••••-r..
EFTA00664047

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664048.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664048.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
EFTA00664048

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664049.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00664049

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664050.pdf
----------------------------------------
J 
EFTA00664050

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664051.pdf
----------------------------------------
INKS 
N IP
-re
1:4 
EFTA00664051

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664052.pdf
----------------------------------------
P.7:' 
. 
EFTA00664052

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664053.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664053.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00664053

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664054.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00664054

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664055.pdf
----------------------------------------
s. 
EFTA00664055

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664056.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00664056

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664057.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664057.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00664057

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664058.pdf
----------------------------------------
4,r;•••s. • 
EFTA00664058

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664059.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664059.pdf
----------------------------------------
-..• ...! 
.".• 
__ ...:r OW.  ... 
. 
• 
, 
.... .1
, 
EFTA00664059

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664060.pdf
----------------------------------------
-••• ..Or 
EFTA00664060

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664061.pdf
----------------------------------------
~.~: 
EFTA00664061

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664062.pdf
----------------------------------------
x 
~, 
EFTA00664062

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664063.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664063.pdf
----------------------------------------
~~` 
EFTA00664063

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664064.pdf
----------------------------------------
wvnt.miNIV „ 
' 
EFTA00664064

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664065.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 18 Feb 2017 01:57:48 +0000 
Attachments: RO_Plant_Ladocx 
Jeffrey 
attached update on LSJ RO Plant for your review 
Genset and LSJ overall will follow tomorrow morning. 
regards Brice 
On Fri, Feb 17, 2017 at 8:05 PM, ZM 
wrote: 
Ok 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 17, 2017, at 3:37 PM, jeffrey E. <jea®gmail.com> wrote: 
can you write me a summary report of the RO generator overall thoughts on lsj, and bring me up to speed 
on zorro. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Brice Gordon 
Stanley, NM 
Ph: 
EFTA00664065

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664066.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664066.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 18 Feb 2017 01:53:13 +0000 
Jeffrey 
I think we should get a survey done on Little C 
Even thou we did repairs, I have concerns regarding hull damage 
are you ok with survey first before upgrading? 
regards Brice 
On Fri, Feb 17, 2017 at 6:40 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lets upgrade little c as we did prd 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Brice Cordon 
Stanley, NM 
Ph: 
EFTA00664066

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664067.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 18 Feb 2017 01:21:45 +0000 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 646-350-0954 
cel 
On Feb 17, 2017, at 2:42 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ok take as much time as you need want 
On Fri, Feb 17, 2017 at 8:17 PM, Richard Kahn < 
wrote: 
originally put in for vacation day on tuesday however i will be in the office 
my wife did not want to go to florida as we still have not yet received pathology and she is anxious.. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
11-1/0-03 ' 
EFTA00664067
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664068

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664069.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Olga 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 21:38:57 +0000 
Olga sent me a message saying thank you do much 
EFTA00664069

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664070.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 21:41:50 +0000 
Madison + 84. 
David barton gym. 
Sent from a wireless device 
On Mar 23, 2011, at 5:37 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
where is this? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to j
I®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664070

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664071.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664071.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: GMAX
To: J Jep <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 22:02:44 +0000 
I believe this was a call that Al set up after TW had sd no — he went around TW and set it up w/his key people —
Dave Russell and Shane Hartnett..) believe what happened then was TW was told about it and sd how did that 
happen and AJ came back to him and said unless you pay GM is in and if you GM is out — TW viewed it as total 
shakedown and blackmail and has had no dealings w/aj since — my understanding..TW sd that Al tried and other 
several times to coerce him into the money — 2 /3 'threatening calls came in then when it was not forthcoming 
they leaked the story to the press..tw then sent me the deal so that AJ could be subpoenaed and dealt with —
he sd actually that that blackmailing ...should go to jail for the rest of his life for what he did using me to 
blackmail him 
On 3/23/11 15:59 PM, "J Jep" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
EFTA00664071

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664072.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Valeria Chomsky
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Sat, 18 Feb 2017 00:55:55 +0000 
That's really good news!!! 
We are in a poor working class area -- a good experience. 
D 
Let us know when you are coming. 
We are both very much looking forward to seeing you. 
Vale 
Cell: 
Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey E.  
Date: Fri, Feb 17, 2017 at 5:33 PM 
Subject: 
To: Valeria Chomsky
if i come west late feb , can i stop by for meal? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664072

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664073.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "TEODORANI Eduardo (CNH Industrial)" < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 18 Feb 2017 00:40:54 +0000 
Yes 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 17 Feb 2017, at 22:04, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
is she here 
On Fri, Feb 17, 2017 at 10:17 PM, TEODORANI Eduardo (CNH Industrial) 
• wrote: 
Lucrezia she IS looking foreste to see you 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 17 Feb 2017, at 19:29, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I'm in paris 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00664073
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664074

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664075.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664075.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: GMAX 
To: J Jep <jeevacation
gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 22:06:55 +0000 
He did not know about the meeting — it was held w/out his ok 
On 3/23/11 18:04 PM, "J Jep" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
no, as usual your story does not mix with the facts.. your other emails were ten days later.. not before. 
EFTA00664075

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664076.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: GMAX
To: J Jep <jeevacation(cigmail.com> 
Subject: FW: <no subject> 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 22:08:35 +0000 
Very helpful but no exhibits attached which is a shame as B may help us 
I could not print out the below complaint so forward it to you so you can look at it on line 
Pages 12-13, paragraphs 40 and 41 contain the allegations relating to the use of Epstein cases in the Rothstein 
Ponzi scheme. 
http://www.scribd.com/doc/22825215/Razorback-Funding
End of Forwarded Message 
EFTA00664076

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664077.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Martin Weinberg" 
To: "Jeffery Edwards" <jeevacation(kgmail.com> 
Subject: confidential 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 22:34:36 +0000 
just out of court, best time to speak is tomorrow am, but can also be available early this evening 
Martin G. Weinberg 
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, PC 
Park Plaza, Suite 1000 
Boston, MA 02116 
617 227 3700 
617 338 9538 (FAX) 
**************************************************************************** 
This Electronic Message contains information from the Law Office of Martin G. Weinberg, P.C., 
and may be privileged. The information is intended for the use of the addressee only. If you are 
not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
of this message is prohibited. 
**************************************************************************** 
EFTA00664077

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664078.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664078.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 22:35:39 +0000 
So what about E2? 
Sent from a wireless device 
On Mar 23, 2011, at 5:37 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
where is this? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664078

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664079.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664079.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
Subject: Faith 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 22:40:58 +0000 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664079

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664080.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664080.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Gmax" 
To: leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 22:51:20 +0000 
You might have your lawyers write to dave russell - you should have your peeps forward him aj e mail and he was on the call and ask him 
what was said or not regarding the call • maybe he'll speak to avoid a subpoena and you have that e mail independant of me..aks russet and 
hamett at same time 
EFTA00664080

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664081.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664081.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 23:33:05 +0000 
ABC was closed, they say online till 8pm but closed at 7pm 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664081

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664082.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Terje Rod-Larsen
To: "IJeevacation@gmail.comm <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 23:41:56 +0000 
Will call a bit later. Still in NY? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@grnail.corn> 
To: Terje Rod-Larsen 
Sent: Wed Mar 23 18:05:30 2011 
Subject: 
If you get a chance 212 772 99416. to coordinate schedule 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664082

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664083.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664083.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Terje Rod-Larsen
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 01:04:59 +0000 
Yes 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 23, 2011, at 7:41 PM, Terje Rod-Larsen < 
Will call a bit later. Still in NY? 
wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationagmail.corn>
To: Terje Rod-Larsen 
Sent: Wed Mar 23 18:05:30 2011 
Subject: 
If you get a chance 212 772 99416. to coordinate schedule 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664083

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664084.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 01:35:31 +0000 
Yes 
From: Je 
E 
ein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: 
<I 
Sent: Wed, March 23, 2011 9:24:25 PM 
Subject: Re: 
are you awake? 
On Wed, Mar 23, 2011 at 5:11 PM, 
> wrote: 
Should i be worried? Has been parked outside the building since i walked in.. 
Sent from a wireless device 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664084

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664085.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 01:57:25 +0000 
why, are you going to call? 
From: le 
E 
ein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: 
<I 
Sent: Wed, March 23, 2011 9:24:25 PM 
Subject: Re: 
are you awake? 
On Wed, Mar 23, 2011 at 5:11 PM, 
> wrote: 
Should i be worried? Has been parked outside the building since i walked in.. 
Sent from a wireless device 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664085

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664086.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664086.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Terje Rod-Larsen 
To: "IJeevacation@gmall.comm Caevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 02:23:10 +0000 
Will call you tomorrow morning. 
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Terje Rod-Larsen 
Sent: Wed Mar 23 21:04:59 2011 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Yes 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 23, 2011, at 7:41 PM, Terje Rod-Larsen 
Will call a bit later. Still in NY? 
> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@qmail.com>
To: Terje Rod-Larsen 
Sent: Wed Mar 23 18:05:30 2011 
Subject: 
If you get a chance 212 772 99416. to coordinate schedule 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664086

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664087.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664087.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mail Delivery Subsystem 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Delivery Status Notification (Failure) 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 03:42:01 +0000 
Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently: 
Technical details of permanent failure: 
Google tried to deliver your message, but it was rejected by the recipient domain. We recommend contacting the 
other email provider for further information about the cause of this error. The error that the other server returned 
was: 550 550 5.1.1 <Mile: 
Recipient address rejected: aol.com (state 14). 
Original message 
MIME-Version: 1.0 
Received: by 10.223.77.16 with SMTP id el 6rnr2653028fak.87.1300938120708; Wed, 
Mar 2011 20:42:00 -0700 (PDT) 
Received: by 10.223.122.84 with HTTP; Wed, 23 Mar 2011 20:42:00 -0700 (PDT) 
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 23:42:00 -0400 
Message-ID: 
Subject: fyi 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary=001517448a7a8f43400498242b1 
Jeffrey , It should now be apparent to both you and Glenn's own counsel 
that there is a serious problem . In today's email it states that Glenn now 
admits to knowing about the Zwim plane in Sept or Oct of 06.- both before 
your withdrawal notice of Nov 13.06 . His protestations and rantings at our 
last meeting, witnessed by his counsel confirmed "Had he known , he would 
never have convinced you to only put in for your 80 million withdrawal". He 
is in a box. We know that Schulte Roth was called in in May 06 , so that is 
really when he first found out. The money for the plane was taken from the 
Highbridge managed acct. Highbridge was owned my JPM at that time. This is 
ugly. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notif us immediate) by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
EFTA00664087
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664088

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664089.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664089.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Marvin Minsky cfl 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Marvin Minsky cfl 
Subject: Re: operation 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 02:58:38 +0000 
Thanks! Looks like I will be home in a couple of days! 
On Mar 23, 2011, at 6:06 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
> just checking up on you 
EFTA00664089

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664090.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nicholas L.Ribis" 
To: "Jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 10:27:03 +0000 
Jeffrey—in office today if u would like to chat — Nick 
*WWW**WWW*******WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW* 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message is being sent by Resorts International Casinos. This 
e-mail and any attachments are confidential and proprietary. If you are not the intended 
recipient, be aware that any disclosure, copying, distribution or use of this e-mail or any 
attachment is prohibited. 
If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify us immediately by returning it to 
the sender and deleting the copy from your system. 
Thank you. 
*www**www**www*****************www**www**www*******www**www* 
EFTA00664090

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664091.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664091.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 11:17:05 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Thank you for schedule, in Saint simon island GA, heading to new york today in S76, 
Thx 
Lany 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 07:15:05 -0400 
To: Ivjet<1 
>; 
Subject: 
acl 
schedule. gulfstream sat to LSJ, sun to punta cana and return, . wed morning to ny, -pit clear st thomas.. or 
tues to palm beach fri night commercial april 1. to paris. return 16 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664091

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664092.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peter Mandelson 
To: mjeevacation@gmall.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 11:24:28 +0000 
Will call 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtmjeevacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Thursday, March 24, 2011 11:20 AM 
To: Peter Mandelson BT 
Subject: 
where are you now? 
******* *********************** 
***************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664092

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664093.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664093.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 11:30:12 +0000 
anything we can do to change their mind? Show them what can be done with DB deal? 
I assume no since repetitional risk is overriding? 
She really screwed us... 
On 24 Mar 2011, at 11:20, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
JEs is on vacation, so they are not coordinaing with him„ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664093

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664094.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cecile de Jongh < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, lvjet <Ma
--
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu. 24 Mar 2011 11:31:23 +0000 
Hangar - I spoke to Dale Gregory yesterday and he promised to let me know this afternoon which 
option worked best for the FAA. As soon as I get that, I will let you know. 
Fuel dump - I was dealing with Kenn Hobson but he is in the hospital in the states and is having 
surgery today. He said to follow up with Denise Mills and I have left a message for her so hopefully 
she will get back to me as to status today as well. 
I am leaving for Ireland this morning on a school trip with my son but I will have email and phone 
access. Dale promised to email me and I will forward anything I get from him. 
Cecile 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and protected from 
disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete all copies. 
From: Jeffre E stein <'eevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ivjet < 
>; Cecile de Jongh < 
Sent: Thu, March 24, 2011 7:17:47 AM 
Subject: 
fuel dump, hangar? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(ii;gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA00664094
--- PAGE 2 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664095

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664096.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664096.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 11:43:22 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Ok 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 07:37:55 -0400 
To: <I 
Subject: Re: 
not yet 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 7:37 AM, < 
wrote: 
Great. Thx. I will cancel the flights I booked commercial to and from LSJ. 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gran> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 07:15:05 -0400 
To: lvjet< 
Subject: 
schedule. gulfstream sat to LSJ, sun to punta cana and return, . wed morning to ny, -pre clear st thomas.. or 
tues to palm beach fri night commercial april 1. to paris. return 16 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664096
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664097

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664098.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664098.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jefffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 11:48:05 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
possible schedule conflicts: 
You are to meet at 11 am on March 30th with Kamilah Greene for your registration renewal. Darren wants me to 
find out if you want Maria Hodge to go with you so I assume this is for the island. 
Darren also scheduled an appt for you on April 15th with Alicia Barnes, Maria and Gary on St Thomas at 10am. 
Alicia is the commissioner of CZM. 
Sent via BlacicBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 07:15:05 -0400 
To: lvjet< 
Subject: 
schedule. gulfstream sat to LSJ, sun to punta cana and return, . wed morning to ny, -pre clear st thomas.. or 
tues to palm beach fri night commercial april 1. to pans. return 16 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664098

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664099.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664099.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: lesleyjee®gmail.com 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Reminder 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 11:49:38 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Reminder you have the 10am Susman call and 1 lam interview with Katherine. 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
EFTA00664099

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664100.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Gelernter 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: yesterday 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 11:50:07 +0000 
Probably a week from today-- David 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 7:47 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Ill be there„----when are you next in ny 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 7:42 AM, David Gelemter 
wrote: 
We'd still love to have you. (There's a show in early summer & paintings are starting to build up.) (Which is 
hardly the only reason we'd love to have you.) 
On Fri, Dec 17, 2010 at 11:00 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
great idea „ is here a heli pad , nearby 
On Fri, Dec 17, 2010 at 10:56 AM, David Gelemter < 
wrote: 
Why not come to New Haven? See the paintings, the turkeys, the campus etc. We'd love to have you. 
On Fri, Dec 17, 2010 at 7:15 AM, David Gelemter 
wrote: 
I'd love to. 
On Fri, Dec 17, 2010 at 6:51 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lets sit together when i get back 
On Thu, Dec 16, 2010 at 12:17 PM, David Gelemter 
wrote: 
Some paintings attached; I'm ceiling my son Dan, who handles this stuff for me . B/c we're lucky 
to have a few serious customers, we can skip the dealer. 
These pix are all acrylic, oil, metal leaf, pastel & liquid iron on (1) canvas, 40x60, (2) panel, 
16x20, (3) panel, 18x24, (4) canvas, 48x60, (5) panel, 16x20. 
It was great to talk, & I hope we can do it again some time—
David 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00664100
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
************************************* 
********************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664101

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664102.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Adam Bly ,ca> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 11:53:53 +0000 
I need to speak with you not Vera 
Telling me you are not available for 8 days is unacceptable 
I ex ect to hear from ou toda 
On 3/23/11 8:29 PM, "Adam Bly" a 
wrote: 
>Rich, I am out of town with customers, back next Thursday. I would have 
>suggested contacting Vera in the interim but her mother just passed away. 
>Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664102

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664103.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664103.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: GMAX
To: J Jep <jeevacation(r4mail.com> 
Subject: Re: Lawyers 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 11:56:59 +0000 
As remember the story Al approached him in July as you can see if not before and TW did not see the stuff nor 
know it was your cases —As Rothstein got more desperate Al got a meeting behind TW back and then said to 
TW that if he paid my name would go away guaranteed ..tw said he was being blackmailed that is all I know — I 
don't know how many calls ore mails were sent between them also tw said he didn't pay anything — 
From: T Waitt 
Date: Thu, 23 Jul 2009 14:33:53 -0700 
To: 
Subject: Re: Clockwork 
We'll talk when I get a good connection. Phone service unreliable here on the boat in galapagos. 
My initial take away is it just "feels like a dirty business" or scam. Could very well be totally legit and a great 
investment, but it's just doesn't feel clean. First of all you start with a sexual harrassment case that could be 
set-up, or blackmail. Then you throw in a scumbag lawyer, and then you try and pay it off early to get around a 
court order. Mix in an off shore entity in the caymans, and you have something that just feels highly dodgy. 
There might be people out there who buy into it, but I'd run away as would most sophisticated investors. 
My advice to you although you might not want to hear it, is with all the clouds surrounding you, I'd look for 
something squeaky clean, and while this might be legit, it just feels dirty. 
TW 
On 3/23/11 18:09 PM, "J Jep" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
and they apparently SETTLING FOR 18 MILLION DOLLARS> 
Forwarded message 
From: GMAX < 
Date: Mon, Mar 7, 2011 at 12:38 PM 
Subject: FW: Lawyers 
To: J Jep <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Only for your eyes 
Forwarded Message 
From: T Waitt 
Date: Fri, 16 Oct 2009 17:23:20 -0400 
<http://IMCEAEX-
To: NY Max < 
Subject: Re: Lawyers 
EFTA00664103
--- PAGE 2 ---
These are the guys aj is working with. He read all your stuff apparently, as they have it all, doing due 
dilligence on their biggest upcoming settlement. 
TW 
From: T Waitt 
To: 
Sent: Fri Oct 16 14:21:06 2009 
Subject: Re: Lawyers 
Got to be related somehow to the guy that subpoenaed you. Who is that firm? They have all the 
info and apparently settling for 18mm. Same suit I believe. 
TW 
From: Gmax 
To: T Waitt 
Sent: Fri Oct 16 14:18:10 2009 
Subject: Re: Lawyers 
They are suing me????? 
 Original Message 
From: T Waitt 
To: Gmax 
Sent: Fri Oct 16 17:17:09 2009 
Subject: Re: Lawyers 
Well, maybe they are suing je as well. As they have your name. 
TW 
From: Gmax 
To: T Waitt 
Sent: Fri Oct 16 14:16:25 2009 
Subject: Re: Lawyers 
? I don't know these people 
 Original Message 
From: T Waitt 
To: Gmax 
Sent: Fri Oct 16 17:15:18 2009 
Subject: Lawyers 
Scott rothstein with Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, Adler. 
TW 
I» 
EFTA00664104
--- PAGE 3 ---
End of Forwarded Message 
EFTA00664105

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664106.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664106.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Adam Bly"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 12:03:47 +0000 
When we spoke the other day I said we were closing our deals and getting back on our feet... Deals are closed 
and I'm on the road generating new business (in Philadelphia now)... I have no concrete news on timing of your 
loan yet because I'm just starting to regain visibility... we are not paying down any loans right now and all walnut 
etc loans got converted to equity behind new financing. Can we pick this up in a few weeks once I have more 
visibility into cash flow? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664106

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664107.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664107.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Adam Bly"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 12:13:03 +0000 
For you... because Rich just emailed me and he and I never communicate well... just walking into a meeting at 
Merck 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 24, 2011, at 8:06 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
was this for me. or rich,. ? 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 8:03 AM, Adam Bly < 
wrote: 
When we spoke the other day I said we were closing our deals and getting back on our feet... Deals are 
closed and I'm on the road generating new business (in Philadelphia now)... I have no concrete news on 
timing of your loan yet because I'm just starting to regain visibility... we are not paying down any loans right 
now and all walnut etc loans got converted to equity behind new financing. Can we pick this up in a few 
weeks once I have more visibility into cash flow? 
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664107

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664108.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Adam Bly"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 12:17:04 +0000 
From: 
Adam Sly c
,* 
To: 
Adam Bly 
Date: 
03/23/2011 06:55 PM 
Subject: 
Seed's Data Visualization of the Day on WSJ com 
Dear colleagues, 
We'd like to share some very exciting news -- as of today, the Wall 
Street Journal (WSJ.com) will be publishing a Data Visualization of 
the Day pulled from Seed Media Group's open data visualization 
platform Visualizino.orq.
You can follow the Data Visualization of the Day here (right rail):http://bloos.wsj.com/ideas-market/ 
We are working hard at Seed Media Group to push the boundaries of data 
visualization as a way of understanding and communicating complex 
issues and systems -- and we're delighted to see this newest 
collaboration take shape. 
Kindest regards, 
Adam 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 24, 2011, at 8:06 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" < 
> wrote: 
was this for me. or rich,. ? 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 8:03 AM, Adam Bly < 
> wrote: 
When we spoke the other day I said we were closing our deals and getting back on our feet... Deals are 
closed and I'm on the road generating new business (in Philadelphia now)... I have no concrete news on 
timing of your loan yet because I'm just starting to regain visibility... we are not paying down any loans right 
now and all walnut etc loans got converted to equity behind new financing. Can we pick this up in a few 
weeks once I have more visibility into cash flow? 
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00664108
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664109

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664110.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Martin Weinberg"
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 12:31:36 +0000 
AM, cell? 
--- Original Message — 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Martin Weinberg 
Sent: Thursday, March 24, 2011 7:21 AM 
whenver you have time 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664110

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664111.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664111.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Terje Rod-Larsen 
To: "IJeevacation@gmail.core <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 12:33:02 +0000 
Actually we'd love to come to the Island! But if you want to come here, you will be warmly welcomed by all, and fed, at any 
point of time convenient to you! Pls call me when you are up, or tell me when to call you. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.corn> 
To: Terje Rod-Larsen 
Sent: Thu Mar 24 06:53:47 2011 
Subject: 
Im sure you are tired of getting on a plane . , I will come to see you anyday , sat thru tues. at your 
convenience „ much to talk about 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664111

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664112.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: "Jefffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 12:33:40 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Will do. 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 08:11:59 -0400 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
call dubins office and get perry gruss number 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664112

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664113.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joseph Igala < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 12:50:49 +0000 
Ok, I'll have that to you by the end of the day. 
On Mar 23, 2011, at 1:41 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I need a cost breakdown of our options so we can move forward 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664113

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664114.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664114.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peter Mandelson 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 13:00:32 +0000 
Rang again. Am on 
or next 10 mins. 
Lord Mandelson 
Chairman 
+44 [01207 656 7600 
Knightsbridge Green, London SW1X 7NW 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 12:50:47 +0000 
To: Peter Mandelson •c=1
:3 
Subject: Re: 
try again„ did not ring 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 8:35 AM, Peter Mandelson <
 wrote: 
Called u 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmailcom
Sent: Thursday, March 24, 2011 11:24 AM 
To: Peter Mandelson 
Subject: Re: 
212 772 9416 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 7:24 AM, Peter Mandelson ‹
> wrote: 
Will call 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationegmail.com
Sent: Thursday, March 24, 2011 11:20 AM 
To: Peter Mandelson BT 
Subject: 
where are you now? 
0***************** 
*************************** 
********* 
***** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00664114
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664115

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664116.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664116.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Gary Kerney"
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 13:07:10 +0000 
Will do 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 24, 2011, at 7:19 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" lea@gmail.com>  wrote: 
I hope you can spare some time over the weekend . to come out and review things„ if you want me to see 
samples . or bring samples let me know.. BRICE do we need anything else from ny. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ja®gmail.com,
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664116

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664117.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664117.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 13:11:41 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
I will find out now 
Sent via BlacicBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 07:21:53 -0400
To: 
Subject: 
is katya free 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664117

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664118.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664118.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Perry Gruss 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 13:24:56 +0000 
ok 
On Mar 24, 2011, at 9:17 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
see if he is town and can meet with me 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 9:13 AM, Lesley Groff 
Office: 212 796 3920 
Cell: 
On Mar 24, 2011, at 8:11 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
call dubins office and get perry gruss number 
wrote: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00664118
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664119

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664120.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 13:29:58 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
ICatya has a flu.. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 07:21:53 -0400 
To: 
Subject: 
is katya free 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664120

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664121.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664121.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Perry Gruss 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 13:30:13 +0000 
LM for Perry Gruss on his cell and at his office re might he be in town today and able to stop by and see you. 
Perry 
EFTA00664121

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664122.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664122.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Gro 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation gmai .com> 
Subject: Leon Black 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 14:15:15 +0000 
Leon Black is "up to his eyeballs" with this road show...he says he is around over the weekend however if you 
wanted to get together then. 
EFTA00664122

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664123.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 14:18:52 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Jenya is free till 4pm 
Sent via BlacicBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu 24 Mar 2011 07:21:53 -0400 
To: 
Sub ect: 
is katya free 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664123

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664124.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MINIII
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Nathan Myhrvold 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 14:20:49 +0000 
Claudia apologized for not getting back to me. she thinks breakfast may be doable and asked for a time frame...I 
said as early as 7am is fine, but if possible an 8am or so is preferable...but I know you want to see him and to let 
us know what works for Nathan. 
EFTA00664124

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664125.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MINIII
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Gulsum 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 14:24:56 +0000 
I have called Gulsum and texted her. This time she actually had a message on her cell in her native tongue, but I 
could not leave a message myself. 
EFTA00664125

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664126.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664126.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 14:25:48 +0000 
MIlis asking if she could come after 12:00. I have asked if she could actually DO 12:00 and am awaiting a 
rep y. or would you like to suggest another time?) 
EFTA00664126

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664127.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664127.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Scott Denett
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: LSJ construction video streaming system 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 14:24:58 +0000 
solution: 
mac 
mobile me account 
- internet access --- iphone / wi-fi 
want this asap ? to bring with you ? or need to work with jermaine to get it done ? 
do you want a dedicated island streaming system computer? 
will start right away if needed 
thx 
sd 
On Mar 24, 2011, at 10:08 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I want to be able to use face time with mac ,so that I can review contructions real time. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664127

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664128.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664128.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Scott Denett
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: LSJ construction video streaming system 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 14:27:48 +0000 
ok will begin testing asap 
On Mar 24, 2011, at 10:26 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
we have all this already„ i want to see it work 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 10:24 AM, Scott Denett < 
wrote: 
solution: 
mac 
mobile me account 
- intemet access --- iphone / wi-fi 
want this asap ? to bring with you ? or need to work with jermaine to get it done ? 
do you want a dedicated island streaming system computer? 
will start right away if needed 
thx 
sd 
On Mar 24, 2011, at 10:08 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I want to be able to use face time with mac ,so that I can review contructions real time. 
**************** 
*********** 
***** *********** 
**************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00664128
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664129

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664130.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664130.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Grof 
To: Jeffrey Epstein tevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 14:30:51 +0000 
sorry, do you prefer 12:30 or 6:00 
On Mar 24, 2011, at 10:26 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
On Thu Mar 24, 2011 at 10:25 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
is asking if she could come after 12:00. I have asked if she could actually DO 12:00 and am awaiting 
a reply. (or would you like to suggest another time?) 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664130

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664131.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664131.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Valdsoncotrin < 
To: jeevacationggmail.com 
Subject: Fwd: Your Tri is coming soon! - Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
18FEB17 
Date: Sat, 18 Feb 2017 00:12:12 +0000 
Attachments: 
Bonsoir monsieur. 
Dots je Envoyer un chauffeur cherchez mademoiselle 
Merci. 
Envoye de mon iPad 
Debut du message transfer& : 
a l'aeroport demain a 11:25 ???? 
Expediteur• 
Date: 15 fevrier 2017 21:59:28 UTC+I 
Destinataire: Valdson Cotrin < 
>, 
Ob'et: TR : Your Tri is coming soon! - Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
18FEB17 -
to Paris Feb. 18! 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "American Express Travel" < 
SulYect: Your Tri is coming soon! - Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
18FEB17 
Date: Februa 
13, 2017 at 11:15:14 AM EST 
To: 
This is just a reminder that it's almost time for your trip. Please find enclosed Itinerary Details for 
your reference. 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. This message was sent from a notification only address that 
cannot accept incoming messages. If you have any questions, please contact Centurion Travel 
Service at 1-877-877-0987. 
If airline tickets are purchased for this itinerary: 
Airline Ba 
a e Fee/Rules ma a ly and can be accessed by visiting: 
Your travel arrangements are outlined below in the email. Please refer to the PDF attachment and 
itinerary for more details regarding your travel arrangements. Your Centurion Travel Service travel 
plans have been posted to a secure website. Please click on the link to view your trip details and 
add link to your bookmarked favorites for easy access in the future: 
EFTA00664131
--- PAGE 2 ---
View your Digital Itinerary 
American Express Travel 
Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Saturday 18 Feb 17 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Date 
Feb 2017 
Airline 
British Airways 
Airline Record Locator 
FlighUClass 
BA 8118 M Economy Class 
Origin 
Rome, Leonardo da Vinci International (Fiumicino) 
Destination 
Paris, Orly 
Departing 
09:15AM 
Arriving 
11:25AM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal 3 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal Orly-Ouest 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 10 Mins 
Stops 
Non-stop 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Confirmed 
Monday 20 Feb 17 
Flight Information 
Date 
Feb 2017 
Airline 
American Airlines 
EFTA00664132
--- PAGE 3 ---
Airline Record Locator 
FlighUClass 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Estimated Time 
Stops 
Seats 
Confirmed 
Saturday 04 Mar 17 
Flight Information 
Date 
Airline 
Airline Record Locator 
FlighUClass 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Estimated Time 
Stops 
Seats 
Confirmed 
AA 7173 V Economy Class 
Paris, Charles De Gaulle 
Los Angeles, Los Angeles International 
11:30AM 
02:25 PM 
Terminal 2 A 
Terminal Tom Bradley Intl Term 
Hrs 55 Mins 
Non-stop 
Unassigned 
Mar 2017 
Iberia 
IB 4662 Q Economy Class 
Los Angeles, Los Angeles International 
London, London Heathrow 
08:55 PM 
03:15 PM 105 Mar 2017 
Terminal Tom Bradley Intl Term 
Terminal 5 
Hrs 20 Mins 
Non-stop 
Unassigned 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly  recommends that you periodically review 
for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your 
travel destination. Due to frequent changes, American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of 
the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete 
information contained on that site. 
You may receive customer service emails even if you have requested not to receive email 
marketing offers from American Express. For details about our e-mail practices, please review the 
American Express Privacy Statement at 
See attached itinerary PDF or link for full terms and conditions. 
PDF itinerary attachment: 
If you are unable to view the PDF attachment, ensure you have Adobe Acrobat Reader. Refer to 
website below to download and install this free software. 
EFTA00664133
--- PAGE 4 ---
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to, daily 
resort or facility fees, may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out 
from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence 
and amount of such charges. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, 
subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives (collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers 
and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, expense or damage 
to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel 
suppliers, including but not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of 
operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) 
acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public internet, 
telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party technology systems, or any other cause beyond 
the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that 
meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not 
as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as 
incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide 
incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for 
various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them 
access to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology 
initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American 
Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From 
time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, 
including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In 
identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors, including 
supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
California State Seller of Travel Registration Number: 1022318. Washington State Seller of Travel 
Registration Number: UBI#600469694. Iowa: TA# 669 Registered Iowa Travel Agency. 
EFTA00664134

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664135.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664135.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ZM 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 18 Feb 2017 00:05:52 +0000 
Ok 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 17, 2017, at 3:37 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
can you write me a summary report of the RO generator overall thoughts on lsj, and bring me up to speed on 
ZOITO. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664135

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664136.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664136.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 14:40:27 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Ok confirmed 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 10:38:45 -0400 
To:  
Subject: Re: 
ok 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 10:35 AM, 
The earliest she can get from coney island is 12.30.. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 10:19:42 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
1130? 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 10:18 AM, a 
wrote: 
Jenya is free till 4pm 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 07:21:53 -0400 
To: 
Subject: 
is katya free 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00664136
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664137

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664138.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 14:42:57 +0000 
Importance Normal 
Ship to Florida or I can have the couple from North Salem pick it up and bring down to Florida this weekend...? 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 07:24:38 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To:  
ipad 2 on my desk in ny„ should i ship birthday present or wait 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664138

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664139.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664139.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Uncle F Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 14:55:22 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Palm beach 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 10:54:25 -0400 
To:
Subject: Re: 
where ? 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 10:52 AM, < 
wrote: 
You could ship it if you want but whatever is easiest. Thanks so much'will You're the best. So excited 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 07:24:38 -0400 
To: Me< 
Subject: 
ipad 2 on my desk in ny„ should i ship birthday present or wait 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA00664139
--- PAGE 2 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664140

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664141.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Scott Denett 
To: brice gordon 
Cc: J Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: confirming your current email 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 15:06:14 +0000 
Brice Gordon 
brice gordon 
thank you 
Scott 
EFTA00664141

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664142.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
Subject: Darren 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 15:13:54 +0000 
Please call Darren at the office 
EFTA00664142

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664143.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 11:30 CALL JES 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 15:27:56 +0000 
reminder to call Jes at 11:30 
EFTA00664143

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664144.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin < 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 15:43:20 +0000 
Importance Normal 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 07:24:38 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
ipad 2 on my desk in ny„ should i ship birthday present or wait 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained In this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-dient privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@Qmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
induding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664144

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664145.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Scott Denett
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: LSJ construction video streaming system 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 15:45:11 +0000 
you can try calling 
inside facetime and it should ring me here at hbrk 
sd 
On Mar 24, 2011, at 10:26 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
we have all this already„ i want to see it work 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 10:24 AM, Scott Denett  
I> wrote: 
solution: 
mac 
mobile me account 
- intemet access --- iphone / wi-fi 
want this asap ? to bring with you ? or need to work with jermaine to get it done ? 
do you want a dedicated island streaming system computer? 
will start right away if needed 
thx 
sd 
On Mar 24, 2011, at 10:08 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I want to be able to use face time with mac ,so that I can review contructions real time. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00664145
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664146

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664147.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 15:50:19 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Jeffrey, can I also come by say hi? Haven't seen you in so long.. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 10:38:45 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
ok 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 10:35 AM,IIIIR
 wrote: 
The earliest she can get from coney is an is 
. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 10:19:42 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
1130? 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 10:18 AM 
Jenya is free till 4pm 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 07:21:53 -0400 
To 
Subject: 
is katya free 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00664147
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664148

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664149.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664149.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacatton@gmail.com> 
Subject: Carl Sloane 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 15:56:26 +0000 
Carl Sloane with Harvard Hillel is calling again re sitting down and speaking with you, or having a phone 
conversation...re a donation (which you have done in the past) Henry Rosovsky suggested to Carl he get in touch 
with you. Carl will be in NY on April 15th if you wanted to meet with him 
EFTA00664149

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664150.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664150.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 1:30 and 6:00 confirmed 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 16:02:19 +0000 
Mark will come at 1:30 and 
at 6:00 
EFTA00664150

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664151.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff' 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Rich Kahn 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 16:25:03 +0000 
I will schedule him in. thanks 
On Mar 24, 2011, at 12:23 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
tomo 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 12:21 PM, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
I Rich Kahn is wondering if he could come by to see you today at 3:00 or so, or any time tomorrow. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664151

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664152.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664152.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MINN 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 16:31:03 +0000 
is in school today and has work after. She says she works lunch tomorrow and if she is done early, she 
could come by after that if you like. She also says she is feeling better. 
EFTA00664152

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664153.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664153.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Scott Denett 
To: J Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: NEED TO USE MY SKYPE FOR JERMAINE SO LET ME KNOW IF YOU WANT A FACE 
TIME DEMO 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 16:34:34 +0000 
SD 
EFTA00664153

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664154.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MINN 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Marvin Minsky update 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 16:43:42 +0000 
Gloria called to let you know with each day Marvin is progressing nicely. They hope he will be home by early 
next week. She said Marvin has rec'd some texts from you which he greatly appreciates. Gloria also said Marvin 
keeps his Iphone with him at all times and if you wanted to give him a call you may. If he happens to be in 
physical therapy or something he won't pick up, but she definitely says you could give him a try. (she told me he 
Marvin's cell: 
EFTA00664154

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664155.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 16:51:18 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Jenya was on her way and now she doesn't answer the phone.. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 10:38:45 -0400 
To:
Subject: Re: 
ok 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 10:35 AM, < 
> wrote: 
The earliest she can get from coney island is 12.30.. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 10:19:42 -0400 
To:
Subject: Re: 
1130? 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 10:18 AM, < 
> wrote: 
Jenya is free till 4pm 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Dar
Mar 2011 07:21:53 -0400
To 
fr-" 
Subject: 
is katya free 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00664155
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664156

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664157.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 16:55:30 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Will be in 5-10 min 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 10:38:45 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
ok 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 10:35 AM, 
wrote: 
The earliest she can get from coney island is 12.30.. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 10:19:42 -0400 
To:
Subject: Re: 
1130? 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 10:18 AM, < 
wrote: 
Jenya is free till 4pm 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 07:21:53 -0400
To:
Subject: 
is katya free 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00664157
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664158

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664159.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Aitken, Lee" ala> 
To: "MIMa 
alMe 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein prosecution 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 16:44:39 +0000 
Dear Mr. Black: 
The Daily Beast has received a letter from former US attorney Alex Accosta describing the negotiations that 
resulted in Jeffrey Epstein's plea agreement on charges of sexually abusing underage girls. We plan to publish 
this letter in its entirety, appended to our own story about the Non Prosecution Agreement. 
In his letter, Accosta, who oversaw the negotiations, reports that as part of an unusually aggressive defense, the 
team of lawyers hired by Mr. Epstein, of which you were one, did the following : 
*Negotiated in bad faith, agreeing to terms then turning around and appealing this agreement to the Department 
of Justice in Washington, 
*Investigated the personal lives of the prosecutors, including personal details about their families, and used this 
information in an attempt to discredit and disqualify two prosecutors — an attempt that failed. 
*Threatened Accosta that his « excessive zeal » in prosecuting a man simply because he was rich could become 
the subject of a book. 
If you would like to contest or comment on any of these statements, we need to hear from you by end of business 
today. We plan to post our story at 8 p.m. 
Thanks for your time and prompt response, Lee Aitken 
EFTA00664159

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664160.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Howard Lutnick 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 17:05:57 +0000 
Howard Lutnick is on an airplane headed overseas. His office would like to know if you would like to set up a 
call while he is away or if you prefer to speak with him on Monday April 4th when he is back. 
Let me know. 
Mathew and Katie are his assistants 
EFTA00664160

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664161.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Rich Kahn 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 17:06:56 +0000 
Rich Kahn will come see you tomorrow at 1 1 am 
EFTA00664161

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664162.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664162.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff • 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Howard Lutnick 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 17:08:20 +0000 
great. I'll set up a call for then. 
On Mar 24, 2011, at 1:07 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
th of april ok 
On Thu, Mar 24, 2011 at 1:05 PM, Lesley Groff - 
wrote: 
Howard Lutnick is on an airplane headed overseas. His °thee would like to know if you would like to set up 
a call while he is away or if you prefer to speak with him on Monday April 4th when he is back. 
Let me know. 
Mathew and Katie are his assistants: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664162

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664163.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Anthony Barrett 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: apartment 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 17:12:25 +0000 
An individual owner's apartment #12B (estate sale) is coming to market. They will ask $599K and probably do a 
deal around $550K. I was thinking of perhaps making an offer. Do you have any interest in this? This is the 
smallest one-bedroom layout (675sf) and completely unrenovated. 
Anthony Barrett 
Ossa Properties, Inc. 
301 East 66th St 
NY NY 10065 
EFTA00664163

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664164.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Faith Kates 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 17:14:18 +0000 
Faith Kates is on a cant call that will last at least an hour. Her office will let her know you called 
EFTA00664164

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664165.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664165.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groall 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Call List 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 17:15:54 +0000 
Let me know if you wish me to continue with the following: 
Jaron Lanear 
Nick Ribis 
Mike Tein 
Joe Pagano 
Dean ICAmen 
Pinto 
Dr. Victor 
EFTA00664165

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664166.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc: Lynn Fontanilla 
, Rich Barnett 
Subject: Steve Susman 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 17:39:54 +0000 
You will go see Steve Susman tomorrow (Friday March 25) in his office at 4:00 
560 Lexington Ave, 15th Floor 
EFTA00664166

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664167.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Dean Kamen 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 17:47:45 +0000 
I have scheduled a call for you with Dean Kamen today at 3:30. YOU are to call him. I will remind you... 
EFTA00664167

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664168.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: When are you in Paris? 
Date: Mon, 12 Sep 2016 15:00:20 +0000 
Attachments: ATT00001.txt; ATT00002.txt; ATT00003.txt; IMG_5715.,TPG; IMG_5716.JPG; 
IMG 5717.JPG 
Hi Jeffrey! 
How are you ? I passed one more lawyering exam at Paris Bar School and met my fellow lawyer from Berkeley, 
Clary. She would like to meet you! When are you in paris ? 
EFTA00664168

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664169.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00664169

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664170.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Dr Mechanick 
Date: Mon, 12 Sep 2016 14:47:49 +0000 
Gabrielle says she will have Dr. Mechanick call you tomorrow ...when he calls you, she says you can ask him 
for a Skype call but he will just give you a regular call first (I will follow up tomorrow also) 
On Sep 12, 2016, at 10:36 AM, jeffrey E. <jea@gmail.com> wrote: 
wiat until tomorow ok 
On Mon, Sep 12, 2016 at 10:34 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Spoke with Eva but she says she really does not speak wit i r. 
ec anick...she suggested calling Erica 
Peltz and said she would send me her email address... 
I called Dr. Mechanick's office again and spoke with Gabrielle. She needs to know why you need to speak 
with Dr. Mechanick today and she can try to reach him...but she can't ask the doctor to skype with you today 
with out knowing the problem. 
Gabriellk 
On Sep 12, 2016, at 10:19 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Ask eva 
On Monday, 12 September 2016, Lesley Grofi 
 wrote: 
The answering service keeps answering the line at Dr Mechanicks office. I have emailed MARIA the 
assistant re a skype call today and will keep trying to reach them on the phone. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 12, 2016, at 9:20 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Tell Jeffrey mechanic that I am happy to pay for a Skype appointment 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00664170
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664171

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664172.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 12 Sep 2016 14:40:53 +0000 
Apparently the office is closed today I am going to try again tomorrow morning. When are you back? 
A girlfriend from London is coming this week in New York and she asked me if she can sleep with me two night 
before the mum arrives. Is it ok for you? Xx 
On Sep 12, 2016, at 7:08 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
all ok? have not heard from you 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664172

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664173.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Jojo 
Barnett 
Subject: Nathan Myhrvold 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 18:27:27 +0000 
L nn Fontanilla 
, Rich 
Nathan cannot come for breakfast after all. BUT, he will come at 10:30 to see you and looks forward to it. 
EFTA00664173

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664174.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc: 
"Sue 
, Lynn Fontanilla 
, Rich Barnett 
Subject: Rich Kahn 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 18:30:42 +0000 
Rich Kahn will come at 12:00 instead of 11:00 tomorrow to accommodate for Nathan. 
EFTA00664174

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664175.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
Subject: Joe Pagano 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 18:54:05 +0000 
Joe Pagano says he needs to speak with you today between 5-6:00. He will give you a call then. 
EFTA00664175

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664176.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 18:54:50 +0000 
You bet. 
This has been too long and intense travel. I canceled my trip to India (bill is there right now) as I simply can't travel right 
now. It will take me a week only to catch up w email. 
How are you 
B 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: Thursday, March 24, 2011 4:20 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
(10 you feel better in your own bed 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664176

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664177.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eduardo A Robles
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2017 13:37:21 +0000 
OK, 
will have more info 
email: 
email: 
website: 
address: 5th Floor Office No:504 Aspect Tower, 
Business Bay, Dubai United Arab Emirates. 
On Feb 23, 2017, at 8:35 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Tomorw easier I'm on plane 
On Thu, Feb 23, 2017 at 12:41 PM Eduardo A Robles < 
Jeffrey, Pm working on the house lay out (floor plans) 
It will be good if you have time to discuss some of the spaces allocations? 
So I can go on the right track 
Please call me at your convenience or let me know the time? 
email: 
email: 
website: 
address: 5th Floor Office No:504 Aspect Tower, 
Business Bay, Dubai United Arab Emirates. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664177
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664178

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664179.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Summers cEla 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2017 13:20:42 +0000 
I'm in bos not ny. Talk today? 
Sent from my iPad 
Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at: 
Follow me on twitter ®Ihsummers 
On Thu, Feb 23, 2017 at 4:00 AM -0500, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Launder and Watson lunch on fri . Dick cavett Richard axel sat . You around ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664179

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664180.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Barry J. Cohen"
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Leon Black
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2017 12:11:39 +0000 
Should we consider buying a recent vintage used plane? Can Gulfstream help us with that? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 23, 2017, at 4:50 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.conailto:jeevacation®gmail.com>> wrote: 
leons plane is more like 10- Ilrn and you can try to get gulfstream to take it on trade.. check TAX basis on 
books to avoid a potentail gain. you might need to do a 1031 . 
On Thu, Feb 23, 2017 at 4:54 AM, Barry J. Cohen aill==<mailto:a>> 
wrote: 
Good advice. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 22, 2017, at 10:21 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
<mailtojeevacation@gmail.conailtojeevacation@gmail.com>>> wrote: 
Airplane salesman are similar to used car salesman - consider going straight to gulf stream 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.conailto:jeevacation®gmail.com> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom 
they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities 
other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender 
and delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
please note 
EFTA00664180
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation®gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom 
they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities 
other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender 
and delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA00664181

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664182.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Lang, Caroline" < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: hello 
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2017 11:54:05 +0000 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Will you still be in Paris on Friday? 
Would you like to visit with me around lunch time the Chtchoukine exhibition at the Vuitton Foundation? 
EFTA00664182

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664183.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eduardo A Robles .5 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Eduardo A Robles .5 
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2017 11:41:19 +0000 
Jeffrey, I'm working on the house lay out (floor plans) 
It will be good if you have time to discuss some of the spaces allocations? 
So I can go on the right track 
Please call me at your convenience or let me know the time? 
email: 
email: 
website: 
address: 5th Floor Office No:504 Aspect Tower, 
Business Bay, Dubai United Arab Emirates. 
EFTA00664183

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664184.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski clia> 
To: Je vacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Wx 
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2017 10:57:59 +0000 
Jeffrey 
9pm Zurich and Strausbourgh is forecasting Moderate Rain„ 
Just FYI, 
Paris should be ok for our return at 9pm ish„ 
Windy in Paris by 2pm today 20kts gusting 40kts„ wind dies down by evening when we return„ 1 Okts gusting 
18kts 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664184

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664185.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2017 09:55:20 +0000 
I'll check ,. 1 Don't think so 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 23, 2017, at 10:51 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
do we need a slot from strassbough to paris? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664185

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664186.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: How To Academy 
To:j <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: An Evening Talk with TED sensation Simon Sinek 
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2017 10:01:27 +0000 
ow to: An Evening Talk with Simon Sinek 
View this email in your browser 
RAn Evening Talk with TED sensation Simon Sinek 
EFTA00664186
--- PAGE 2 ---
how to: 
An Evening Talk 
with TED sensation 
Simon Sinek 
with Simon Sinek 
4th May 2017 
6:45pm —8:00pm 
Emmanuel Centre 
9-23 Marsham Street 
London SW1P 3DW 
TICKETS: 
£25.00 Standard 
£30.00 Premium 
(incl.a copy of Together is Better 
RRP £12.99) 
The legend is back. A second opportunity to hear 
Simon Sinek, the third-largest TED speaker in history 
and global bestselling leadership guru, whose talk 
last year for the how to: Academy sold out in days. 
In 2009, Simon Sinek gave a talk at TED explaining how 
the leaders and companies that most impact the world 
share patterns in how they think, act and communicate. 
That talk has been viewed over 27 million times 
worldwide and his books Start with Why and Leaders Eat 
Last have inspired millions of people to examine how 
they work and co-operate building better organizations 
and happier workforces. 
Now, Simon Sinek is exploring the power of collaboration 
with his newest book Together is Better. Too often, he 
argues, we avoid asking for help when we need it or 
refuse to accept it when it's offered for fear that it will 
make us look weak or put us or our job at risk. We often 
keep self-doubt to ourselves instead of turning to 
someone we trust for inspiration. Together, is much 
EFTA00664187
--- PAGE 3 ---
£50.00 Super Premium 
(incl. copy of all 3 books RRP 
£37.97) ) 
£125.00 VIP Reception 
(incl. champagne reception, 
reserved seating and signed 
copies of the 3 books) 
(VAT not included) 
;2J 
better and this talk will show you how. 
,Simon Sinek Books 
L. 
Simon Sinek 
Simon Sinek is the global bestselling author of Start 
with Why and Leaders Eat Last, which have helped 
organizations around the world inspire their people to 
reach new heights. He has presented his ideas to 
Fortune 100 companies and small startups; to non-profit 
organizations and members of Congress; to foreign 
ambassadors and the highest levels of the US military, 
among many others. His TED Talk based on Start with 
1,
e third most popular video of all time on 
, with more than 27.9m views. 
EFTA00664188
--- PAGE 4 ---
Copyright @ 2017 How To Academy. All rights reserved. 
You are receiving this email because you opted in our website 
and indicated you wished to receive news 
about courses and offers. 
Our mailing address Is: 
How To Academy 
Aldridge Road Villas 
London. England W11 1BL 
United Kingdom 
Add us to your address book 
how to: unsubscribe I update subscription preferences 
EFTA00664189

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664190.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thorbjon Jagland
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2017 09:50:11 +0000 
Do you have a slot for when we depart from the airport 
tor. 23. feb. 2017 kl. 10.38 skrev Thorbjon Jagland
Very good 
tor. 23. feb. 2017 kl. 10.37 skrev Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
sultan already made plans so see you in strassbourg. 
>: 
On Thu, Feb 23, 2017 at 8:01 AM, Thorbjon Jagland < 
wrote: 
Or, if it's better for you we can jump on in Strasbourg and we go to your apartment and we can spend the 
night together there. But you are more than welcome in our residence, we will prepare some food for your 
friends 
ons. 22. feb. 2017 kl. 19.43 skrev jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com>:
Yes of course 
On Wed, Feb 22, 2017 at 7:09 PM Thorbjon Jagland < 
> wrote: 
Do you have a space for my wife as well and can we stay with you til Friday. I've got a problem with 
my passport I can only solve in Paris 
ons. 22. feb. 2017 kl. 19.01 skrev Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
yes of course you can 
On Wed, Feb 22, 2017 at 6:50 PM, Thorbjon Jagland < 
wrote: 
Are you going to Paris after Strasbourg or to us if Paris can I ride with you 
ons. 22. feb. 2017 kl. 17.06 skrev jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
we will be four me plus 3 
On Wed, Feb 22, 2017 at 4:58 PM, Thorbjon Jagland < 
wrote: 
Yes of course. You will be 3, you plus 2 or you plus 1, just for transportation 
ons. 22. feb. 2017 kl. 16.30 skrev jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com>:
if it is ok, ill bring my friend sultan suleiman from dubai with his friend. he will eat. I 
only a little. 
On Wed, Feb 22, 2017 at 12:32 PM, Thorbjon Jagland < 
wrote: 
I'll pick you up. Food? 
ons. 22. feb. 2017 kl. 11.55 skrev jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
just me. yes please re transport. my tail number is 212 JE 
On Wed, Feb 22, 2017 at 11:42 AM, Thorbjon Jagland < 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664190
--- PAGE 2 ---
Do you organize transportation from airport. How many are you. Shall I prepare 
food (not lcnelckebreid ) 
ons. 22. feb. 2017 kl. 11.39 skrev Jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com>:
should land 630 strassburg from zurich 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664191
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00664192
--- PAGE 4 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664193

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664194.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thorbjon Jagland <I 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2017 09:38:27 +0000 
Very good 
tor. 23. feb. 2017 kl. 10.37 skrev Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
sultan already made plans so see you in strassbourg. 
On Thu, Feb 23, 2017 at 8:01 AM, Thorbjon Jagland cla 
wrote: 
Or, if it's better for you we can jump on in Strasbourg and we go to your apartment and we can spend the 
night together there. But you are more than welcome in our residence, we will prepare some food for your 
friends 
ons. 22. feb. 2017 kl. 19.43 skrev jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com>:
Yes of course 
On Wed, Feb 22, 2017 at 7:09 PM Thorbjon Jagland  
 wrote: 
Do you have a space for my wife as well and can we stay with you til Friday. I've got a problem with my 
passport I can only solve in Paris 
ons. 22. feb. 2017 kl. 19.01 skrev Jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com>:
yes of course you can 
On Wed, Feb 22, 2017 at 6:50 PM, Thorbjon Jagland la 
wrote: 
Are you going to Paris after Strasbourg or to us if Paris can I ride with you 
ons. 22. feb. 2017 kl. 17.06 skrev jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
we will be four me plus 3 
On Wed, Feb 22, 2017 at 4:58 PM, Thorbjon Jagland  
I> wrote: 
Yes of course. You will be 3, you plus 2 or you plus 1, just for transportation 
ons. 22. feb. 2017 kl. 16.30 skrev jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
if it is ok, ill bring my friend sultan suleiman from dubai with his friend. he will eat. I only 
a little. 
On Wed, Feb 22, 2017 at 12:32 PM, Thorbjon Jagland  
 wrote: 
I'll pick you up. Food? 
ons. 22. feb. 2017 kl. 11.55 skrev jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
just me. yes please re transport. my tail number is 212 JE 
On Wed, Feb 22, 2017 at 11:42 AM, Thorbjon Jagland  
 wrote: 
Do you organize transportation from airport. How many are you. Shall I prepare food 
(not Icneklcebrod ) 
ons. 22. feb. 2017 kl. 11.39 skrev jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
should land 630 strassburg from zurich 
EFTA00664194
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00664195
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00664196
--- PAGE 4 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664197

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664198.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: why I love Tom Ford! 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 19:56:47 +0000 
Importance: normal 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femailiarticle-1369572/Tom-Fords-Ups-modern-gentleman.html 
EFTA00664198

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664199.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Jaron Lanier 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 20:12:35 +0000 
just so you can see! 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: jaron lanier 
Date: March 24, 2011 4:09:16 PM EDT 
To: Lesley Groff < 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
ho, alas- about to give lecture for the economist magazine at a b school 
of all things- Jeffrey could come give it for me... 
On 3/24/11 12:48 PM, "Lesley Groff' < 
wrote: 
Hello Jaron..might you be available for a call from Jeffrey right now... 
thanks, 
EFTA00664199

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664200.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mail Delivery Subsystem <mailer-daemon@googlemail.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Delivery Status Notification (Failure) 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 20:28:48 +0000 
Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently: 
Technical details of permanent failure: 
Google tried to deliver your message, but it was rejected by the recipient domain. We recommend contacting the 
other email provider for further information about the cause of this error. The error that the other server returned 
was: 550 550 #5.1.0 Address rejected 
(state 14). 
Original message 
MIME-Version: 1.0 
Received: by 10.223.94.129 with SMTP id z1mr1619238fam.144.1300998525880; Thu, 
Mar 2011 13:28:45 -0700 (PDT) 
Received: by 10.223.122.84 with HTTP; Thu, 24 Mar 2011 13:28:45 -0700 (PDT) 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 16:28:45 -0400 
Message-ID: 
Subject: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <*eevacation 
mail corn> 
To: Bamaby Marsh 
"Tramo, Mark Jude" 
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary=000e0ce0b116fd0966049f405219 
tramo is doing work on Music and its universality. on cognition, cross 
cultural cognitive underpinnings, and as a reflection of the brain at work„ 
interesting, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664200

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664201.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 20:49:57 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
I have Darren set to fly demo, he's going confirm later tonight,. 
Just pasted Atlantic City, 500 feet, 145kts , 
Sent via BlacicBeriy by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 16:47:52 -0400 
To: Ivjet<1 
Subject: 
do you need to be in new york for demo on sikorsky , or Darren ro 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664201

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664202.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MINII
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Olga 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 20:53:19 +0000 
LM fo' 
EFTA00664202

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664203.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc: "
la,;'Sue 
Lynn Fontanilla 
, Jojo
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 21:04:37 +0000 
is not sure she can come by at 8pm. She is going to call me back. She was asking if 7pm would be ok. 
EFTA00664203

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664204.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jefffre E stein" <*eevacation a mail.com>,"
>,"Sue 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 21:14:12 +0000 
I mportance: Normal 
can do 7 or she said she will try to do 9. What is good for you? 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
EFTA00664204

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664205.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jefffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Reminder 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 21:27:59 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Reminde rto call Dr Jarecki at 5:30 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
EFTA00664205

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664206.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jefffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 21:29:51 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Ok 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu 24 Mar 2011 17:29:32 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
On Thu Mar 24, 2011 at 5:14 PM, 
> wrote: 
an do 7 or she said she will try to do 9. What is good for you? 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664206

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664207.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2011 21:56:30 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Sony, was sleeping. This morning after the eyes doctor put some eye drops couldn't see anything. Prescribed 
glasses. 
Josh coming at night 
Sent via BlackBeny from T-Mobile 
EFTA00664207

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664208.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jes Staley cz
Ell=a> 
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 01 Jan 2011 01:03:22 +0000 
I'm here in brazil with three beautiful women. Have a happy new year. 
Best, 
Jes 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and 
conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of 
securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, 
confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, 
available at http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosureslemail. 
EFTA00664208

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664209.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Epstein" leevacation@grnail.com> 
Date: Sat, 01 Jan 2011 01:51:46 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Wishing you health and serenity 2011. 
Sent via BlackBeny from T-Mobile 
This email message is for the individual use of the intended recipient's and may contain confidential and 
privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the 
intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message. Any 
views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender, except where the sender specifically states 
them to be the views of Axiom Capital Management. 
Axiom Capital Management Inc. reviews and archives outgoing and incoming email. Such may be produced at 
the request of regulators and/or in connection with judiciaUarbitral proceedings. Sender accepts no liability for 
any errors or omissions arising as a result of transmission. Use by other than intended recipients is prohibited. 
This transmission is neither an offer nor a solicitation of an offer to purchase or liquidate securities. Opinions or 
estimates constitute Axiom Capital Management Inc.'s views, beliefs and judgment at this moment and are 
subject to change without notice. Information upon which the material contained in this transmission is based 
was obtained from sources believed to be reliable but has not been verified. Additional information is available 
upon request. 
Axiom Capital Management Inc., its affiliates and respective directors, officers and employees may purchase or 
liquidate securities mentioned herein as agent or principal. 
EFTA00664209

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664210.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664210.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Sarah K."
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 01 Jan 2011 01:51:57 +0000 
+I (917) 576-2698 
On Dec 31, 2010, at 8:47 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
please send me Dr Kaplans cell phone number asap 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664210

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664211.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.eom> 
Date: Sat, 01 Jan 2011 04:32:25 +0000 
Happy New Yearn! 
EFTA00664211

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664212.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 30 Jul 2017 12:48:50 +0000 
Ok...I will be in on Thesday!! Bebe will come to the house on Thursday as I will be in Michigan. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 30, 2017, at 7:51 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
no its ok 
On Sat, Jul 29, 2017 at 5:10 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Shall we bring Renato to NY on Monday July 31? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 29, 2017, at 4:47 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
tuesday morning to new york aug 1 , bedford aug 2, new yrok 
leave thurs aug 3, palm beach. sunday 
aug 6 zorro. two weeks. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00664212
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664213

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664214.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: JE jail <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 2011 
Date: Sat, 01 Jan 2011 05:04:22 +0000 
Happy new year! I hope it's better than the last one 
Sent from a wireless device 
EFTA00664214

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664215.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Gmax" 
To: leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 01 Jan 2011 05:19:56 +0000 
Happy New Year 
Kisses 
Gx 
EFTA00664215

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664216.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Peggy Siegal" <MINIMIMIM> 
To: leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Happy New Year! 
Date: Sat, 01 Jan 2011 08:26:44 +0000 
Had dinner with George Lucas!!! Went to record producer LA Reid's for dinner on mountain top home overlooking the harbor. So 
dramatic, like in a movie. 
Then went to Dasha Zhukova and Roman Abramovich's. Black Eyes Peas played. Fergie beyond sexy. Demi Moore, Ashton Krushner, 
Salma Hayak, Wendi and Rupert Murdoch, Martha Stewart, Jean Pigozzi, Peter Brant, Stephanie Seymour, Rula Jubreal and Julian 
Schnabel, Jean Pigozzi...David Geffen French kissing his boyfriend (yuk)....and George Lucas again (my new friend• he told me how much 
he hates the Academy and what a farce the Oscar race is....). Pulsating music all night. World class DJ...just another simple night in St. 
Barths. Wild here. This was the hot ticket of the night. 
Ron Perelman had an earlier birthday party on his new boat that I was not invited to because he is mad at me and I don't care...he is born on 
the 1st. He had Jon Bon Jovi, Graydon Caner, Mike Ovitz.... 
Was on Harvey Weinstein's yacht this morning. He made me read all the rave reviews on "Blue Valentine" and showed me 10 mins of new 
film about Marilyn Monroe...a true story of a week in her life when married to Arthur Miller and filming in London...Arthur had to go back 
to the States and an young assist director (Eddie Redmayne from play "Red") has an affair for a week. Footage so great. True story. 
Then went to Debbie and David Reuben's 243ft boat Siren for lunch. Then took them to my beach at Taiwana and Isle De France where it 
was packed with nervous people comparing New Year's Eve parties. My least favorite thing about the second week was the social 
hysteria... 
So I got three rides home on private jets. 
Peter Brant, which I am taking Sunday, Martha Stewart, also Sunday which I passed on and Larry Gagosian on Tuesday... 
Can't believe two weeks flew by. Played tennis every morning with a pro...ate healthy, wore sun block. 
Happy New Year...here's to new adventures...xoxo Peg 
EFTA00664216

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664217.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: Re: No subject 
Date: Sat, 01 Jan 2011 08:31:35 +0000 
i have an appointment for the embassy January,4. 
i supposed to come to Paris in the middle of January ( 12-14) 
why do i need somebody to come to us with me? is it easier to get visa? 
EFTA00664217

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664218.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Scott Denett
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 28 Dec 2010 18:25:23 +0000 
I don't have your gmail password and which device has the best music on it your laptop??? 
things will be very different when you get back to 71st in a good way 
so you could call me too 
-sd 
On Dec 28, 2010, at 1:19 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
email ,music should be the same on all my devices 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664218

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664219.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Scott Denett
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 28 Dec 2010 18:31:03 +0000 
are you at FTC so you I and Jermaine can work for a sec?? 
On Dec 28, 2010, at 1:19 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
email ,music should be the same on all my devices 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664219

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664220.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 28 Dec 2010 18:34:46 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
-i'll get back to you on parking for st bans for thursday, 
Plus, I boxed the entire audio system in palm bch house and will attempt to bring as check luggage on airlines 
tomorrow, I have Nine boxes,. 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 28 Dec 2010 13:05:46 -0500 
To: Ivjet<1 
Subject: 
check parking st bans, thurs 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664220

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664221.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Scott Denett
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 28 Dec 2010 18:35:37 +0000 
understood sir 
I will be working at 71st all day wed when you return I want to finalize the exact music library you want and 
your email set up 
does that sound ok??? 
JE? 
On Dec 28, 2010, at 1:19 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
email ,music should be the same on all my devices 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jmS@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664221

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664222.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 28 Dec 2010 18:40:48 +0000 
Yes I did , I am not sure if it's a good buy ... I would like to send something for you , could you I have your 
address? 
On 28 Dec 2010, at 14:21, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Have you seen something in the stores that you would like for xmas 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664222

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664223.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Tue, 28 Dec 2010 19:44:27 +0000 
No , I want yo buy you what you want 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 28, 2010, at 2:40 PM, 
> wrote: 
Yes I did , I am not sure if it's a good buy ... I would like to send something for you , could you I have your 
address? 
V. 
On 28 Dec 2010, at 14:21, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Have you seen something in the stores that you would like for xmas 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664223

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664224.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: fyi 
Date: Tue, 28 Dec 2010 20:02:35 +0000 
Top Ten of 2010 
• . Bill Clinton. Naomi Campbell. others flew on Jeffreypstein's private jet. lawsuit reveals 
• 2. Alex Sink concedes the race for  governor to Rick Scott 
• 3. Jimmy Buffett home sells for $18.5 million 
• 4. Kathryn. Rush finally in altar-ed state? 
• 5. Bomb squad removes explosive device from beach 
• 6. Dispute erupts over disqualification of McLain Ward. Sapphire from World Cup 
• 7. Yolk's on Rush Limbaugh as leatherback turtle lays eggs near his  pool 
• 8. Palm Beach public works employee. contractor charged in corruption case 
• 9. President's Cancer Panel targets chemicals in food as possible risk factor 
• 10. 'Aftershock' authors David. Robert Wiedemer warn of more economic troubles 
EFTA00664224

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664225.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 'Tunes Store <do_not_replyOitunes.com> 
To: JeevacationOgmall.com 
Subject Your receipt #111013730839 
Date: TUe, 28 Dec 2010 20:20:25 +0000 
Billed To: 
jeevacatlon@gmall.com 
Order Number: MGQMJX020G 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Receipt Date: 12/25/10 
6100 Red Hook Quarters 
Order Total: $0.99 
B-3 
Billed To: Amerlain Express .... 2003 
SAINT THOMAS, VI 00802-1348 
USA 
r r 
Item Number 
Description 
Unit Price 
Do You Hear the People Sing? 
$0.99 
Write a Review 
Report a Problem 
Subtotal: 
$0.99 
Tax: 
$0.00 
Order Total: 
$0.99 
Please retain for your records. 
Please See Below For Terms And Conditions Pertaining To This Order. 
Apple Inc. 
You can find the 'Tunes Store Terms of Sale and Sales Policies by launching your Runes application and 
clicking on Terms of Sale or Sales Policies 
Answers to frequently asked questions regarding the iTunes Store can be found at 
http://vnyw.apple.com/supportittunes/store/ 
Apple ID Summary • Purchase History 
IPw 
Recommendations 
Les Miserables (The Original 
London Cast) 
Les Miserables Original London 
Cast 
Les filiserables - The Complete 
Symphonic Recording 
Les Miserables International Cast 
Box Bottom 
Apple respects your privacy. 
Information regarding your personal information can be viewed at http://wyny.apple.com/legaVprivacy/ 
Copyright @ 2008 Apple Inc. All rights reserved 
EFTA00664225

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664226.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hello 
Date: Tue, 28 Dec 2010 20:31:52 +0000 
I got your message from yesterday, but no number shows up. 
What number do I call to reach you or can you only call me? 
I hope your Christmas was fun. xo, I 
EFTA00664226

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664227.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 19 Feb 2017 20:16:51 +0000 
Inline-Images: image2.JPG; imagel .JPG 
Yes. Camila lives in paris it's her: 
2,image2.JPG 
2,imagel.JPG 
Kind re ards 
On 19 Feb 2017, at 8:41 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
camilla? 
On Sun, Feb 19, 2017 at 6:57 PM, 
wrote: 
Ahah 
Mostly age of my mum like this one : 
Miranda and Claire are in paris. Claire has our common friend Camila, beautiful Brazilian friend of ours, in 
paris 
Will you be in NY 26-28 February ? I got interview with Citibank through a friend and will hopefully 
interview with UBS legal in NY too. And find out more details for US bar exams preparation 
Will it be possible to meet you if you are around? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664227

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664228.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 30 Jul 2017 04:12:45 +0000 
Thank you for the offer to cover the 737 training. The type rating was 59.639 with hotel or 57.874 without....I'm not sure what you meant. 
My double balance is 21.635 sin 
This video of my work - priceless 
Ors not released or edited completely yet so please keep private for now 
don't tell anyone shh! ) 
nal cut with no subs 
-N 
EFTA00664228

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664229.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Johanna Thuringer 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>, " 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 30 Jul 2017 02:02:17 +0000 
Thank you so much Jeffrey 
Rich do you still have my details? 
Thanks, 
Johanna 
On Jul 30, 2017, at 3:35 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
rich please send johnna 2500 euro 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664229

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664230.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Mitchell
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Richard Kahn
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 30 Jul 2017 00:57:35 +0000 
Estate distribution, 
Getting original value that was done in 2009 out of storage next week 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
801 Madison Avenue 
New York NY 10065 
USA 
1212-486-4444 
On Jul 30, 2017, at 12:24 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
david, where did you get the purported value of these sculptures ? unless they have a unique provenace. ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664230

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664231.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Heri, Cedric" 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Tue, 21 Feb 2017 11:10:54 +0000 
Perfect. 
We will organise everything and send you a confirmation. 
Best regards, 
Cedric 
From: Jeffrey E. [rnallto:jeeyacation@gmall.corn] 
Sent: Dienstag, 21. Februar 2017 12:03 
To: Hen, Cedric 
Subject: Re: Re: 
will do . tail number is 212 JE ill get the rest from pilots 
On Tue, Feb 21, 2017 at 11:50 AM, Heri, Cedric <1 
Sure we can do that. 
Can you give us the following info. 
- Arrival time 
- Tail number 
- Handling agent 
Would you also need transport back? 
> wrote: 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey E. [jeevacation®gmail.com]
Sent: Tuesday, February 21, 2017 11:32 AM W. Europe Standard Time 
To: Heri, Cedric 
Subject: Re: Re: 
yes, this week feb 22. , I will fly into private terminal. could you have a car meet me? i dont know zurich at 
all. 
On Tue, Feb 21, 2017 at 11:30 AM, Heri, Cedric <1 
> wrote: 
I can offer 3-4? 
We talk about this week right? 
EFTA00664231
--- PAGE 2 ---
Original Message 
From: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com 
Sent: Tuesday, February 21, 2017 11:24 AM W. Europe Standard Time 
To: Heri, Cedric 
Subject: Re: 
is it possible later in the day , as i already have a morning engagment in paris that i will try to move if no 
alternative 
On Tue, Feb 21, 2017 at 11:18 AM, Heri, Cedric 
> wrote: 
Dear Sir, 
I hope my e-mail finds you well. 
Boris would be happy to receive you on the coming Thursday 23rd of February at 10.15 (am I right that we talk about this 
week?). 
The meeting would take place at our headquarter in Zurich (Bahnhofstrasse 36, 8001 Zurich). 
Best regards, 
Cedric 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Montag, 20. Februar 2017 13:12 
To: Collardi, Boris 
Cc: Hen, Cedric; ehud bank 
Subject: 
Boris, Tuesday I have a full day meeting with AR. do you have any time on wed or thurs ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
JuliusBaer Disclaimer 
TNs e-mall is for the intended recipient only and may contain confidential or privileged information. If you have received 
this e-mail by mistake, please contact us immediately and completely delete it (and any attachments) and do not forward it or inform any other person of 
its contents. If you send us messages by e-mail, we take this as your authorisation to correspond with you by e-mail, however, we reserve the right not to 
execute orders and instructions transmitted by e-mail at any lime and without further explanation. If you do not wish to receive any further e-mail 
correspondence please let us know. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted. amended. 
corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. Neither the Julius Baer Group nor the sender accept liability for any errors or 
omissions in the content of this message which arise as a result of its e-mail transmission. Please note that all e-mail communications to and from the 
Julius Baer Group may be monitored. This communication is for informational purposes only. It is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase 
or sale of any financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. 
EFTA00664232
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664233

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664234.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lawrence Krauss
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Adverse Outcomes & Teams for Origins Project Scientific Workshop 
Date: Tue, 21 Feb 2017 01:20:14 +0000 
Attachments: AI_Workshopn
Adverse_Outcomes_&_Teams.pdf; Al_Workshop_-
Participant_List_022017.pdf 
Inline-Images: DA866543-7401-4A5A-8E50-FD32E33A50EC.png; image001.png 
fyi.. 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Director, The Origins Project at ASU 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
Foundation Professor 
School of Earth & Space Exploration and Physics Department 
Arizona State University, P.O. Box 871404, Tempe, AZ 85287-1404 
Research Office: 480.965.6378, Assistant (Jessica): 480.965.9825 
Origins Office (Cynthia): 480.965.0053 
origIns.asu.edu I 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Amelia Huggins 
Subject: Adverse Outcomes 
Tean
i:1111
.
rgiis Project Scientific Workshop 
Date: February 20, 2017 at 3:32:48 PM PST 
To: Amelia Huggins 
Cc: Eric Horvitz 
aan allinn < 
fr", Lawrence Krauss 
Dear Participants, 
We're looking forward to see you all on Friday in sunny Tempe, Arizona. 
Thanks to all who submitted write-ups on proposed scenarios and adverse outcomes. We've worked to pool these and 
other inputs (including reflections from the organizers) into 6 areas that capture a class of potential adverse Al 
outcomes. We have included a particular adverse outcome per challenge area. We realize that some of the adverse 
outcome descriptions are more specific than others. 
We have attached two documents. The first describes the set of 6 proposed adverse outcomes of Al that we will focus 
on at the meeting, along with team assignments and session chairs. The second document contains the confirmed 
participants and their contact information. 
Based on our sense for interests and backgrounds, we have assigned a chair for each topic, and we have assigned each 
of you to teams for two adverse outcomes. We have divided each team into red and blue subgroups. We ask that folks 
assigned to the red subgroup work on specific ways to prepare ideas on increasing the cost, duration, or inability to 
address the outcome. The latter includes coming up with mechanisms or arguments that lower the probability of 
EFTA00664234
--- PAGE 2 ---
disrupting the outcome. We ask folks assigned to the blue subgroup to think about the converse: What might be done to 
address and disrupt the adverse outcome from occurring, to make it less likely, or to reduce its cost should it 
occur. What might be done proactively in terms of mechanisms, policies, designs, best practices, or regulatory activities 
and treaties to address a concern—or to disrupt or lower the probability of the poor outcome? What evidence might 
come to the fore along the way so as to provide an alert or early warning of an impending challenge—so as to work to 
marshal resources, designs, or policies? 
Please take a look at the topic descriptions and reflect in advance about the red and blue assignments. On Friday late 
morning and early afternoon we will sequentially assign 30 minute sessions for each adverse outcome team to meet for 
discussions and comments at the sessions on the full workshop day on Saturday and on Sunday morning. Groups can 
also meet Friday evening after dinner. 
As noted above, each outcome discussion will be led by the topic chair. We will ask the chairs to share the overview 
presentations with the larger teams by Thursday evening if possible, so folks on the larger teams can reflect about their 
comments during the open discussion in the context of the specific content that the chairs will present, recognizing that 
they need not restrict their discussions to this content. Your plans can be refined when the groups meet. 
As for the flow, after the chair presents the overview, we will first invite comments from the blue subgroup panel and 
then the red subgroup panel, before opening up the discussion to all. The timing for each outcome discussion will be a 
minute chair presentation, 15 minute a piece for red and blue team panels, and 45 minutes for open discussion 
among all participants. 
These details and materials are also available on our participant website. 
Thanks again for agreeing to participate in this experiment. We're looking forward to seeing you. 
Eric, laan, Lawrence 
Amelia Huggins 
Executive Director 
Origins Project at ASU, Arizona State University 
P.O. Box 871902, Tem e AZ 85287-1902 
O:480.727.7115 I C: 
F: 480.965.0090 
origins.asu.edu I 
EFTA00664235

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664236.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Churkin, Maxim" < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 21 Feb 2017 01:02:38 +0000 
Thank you. I appreciate it. 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Monday, February 20, 2017 at 1:35 PM 
To: "Churkin, Maxim" 
Subject: <no subject> 
sorry, you can count on me, to help in any way i can 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to j
atl@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664236

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664237.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664237.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 21 Feb 2017 00:21:31 +0000 
They are going to keep their departure for the 15 th because they have made a bunch of plans in Palm Beach.... 
they are flying from your island to Miami or Ft Lauderdale...I forgot which one. 
So .... they will come to NY for Friday and Saturday.... and then look for a new ticket NY to St Thomas for the 
12th.... 
What do you think...? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 20, 2017, at 5:08 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I am hosting some russains on the 10 and 11 , can jordy chanve his flights to 12 -17 . ill pay 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664237

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664238.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Michael Wolff <
Ma> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: thanks 
Date: Tue, 21 Feb 2017 00:18:30 +0000 
Had a very helpful chat this afternoon with Kathy Ruemmler. Full of valuable insights. Appreciate the 
introduction. m 
EFTA00664238

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664239.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664239.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2017 23:46:29 +0000 
Ok I totally understand 
Let's discuss tomorrow* 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 20, 2017, at 5:08 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@grtn> wrote: 
I am hosting some russains on the 10 and 11 , can jordy chanve his flights to 12 -17 . i II pay 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664239

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664240.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Glenn Dubin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Russian ambassador to the UN dies after passing out at embassy 
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2017 23:42:51 +0000 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Fribourg, Paul"  
Date: February 20, 2017 at 3:41:50 PM  EST 
To: " 
ge < I 
> 
Subject: Fwd: Russian ambassador to the UN dies after passing out at embassy 
Very sad. The father of the young guy you sent us. I met with his son last week. Very nice guy. We don't have 
anything at this point but gave him a number of ideas. Life is short - start with desert!!! 
Best 
Paul 
Paul Fribourg 
Chairman and CEO 
Continental Grain Company 
767 Fifth Avenue, 15th Floor 
New York, NY 10153-0028 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: New York Post
Date: February 20, 2017 at 12:36:00 PM EST 
To: 
Subject: Russian ambassador to the UN dies after passing out at embassy 
Reply-To: 
If you are having trouble viewing this email. click here. 
VISIT 
2,NYPOST 
BREAKING NEWS 
FEB 20, 2017 
EFTA00664240
--- PAGE 2 ---
Russian ambassador to UN dies after 
passing out at embassy 
Russia's ambassador to the United Nations died Monday morning after suffering heart 
problems at the embassy in Manhattan, sources told The Post. Vitaly Churkin was at the 
Russian embassy on... 
The email address for your subscription is 
Manage Email Preferences or Unsubscribe 
jr
anits 
Download our mobile apps for iOS and Android! 
New York Post 
1211 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036 USA 
© Copyright 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved 
Privacy I Terms of Use I Your Ad Choices 
This is a confidential business communication. If you have received this communication in error, kindly delete the communication and notify 
the sender of the error. Reproduction, retransmission or other use of this communication by persons not employed by Continental Grain 
Company or its affiliates is prohibited without the permission of the sender. 
EFTA00664241

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664242.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664242.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lany Summers ca 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2017 21:40:31 +0000 
Pm sorry. Can I call in 30. Not alone and in MidEast 
Sent from my iPhone 
Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at: 
Follow me on twitter @lhsummers 
On Feb 21, 2017, at 12:36 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacationggmail.com> wrote: 
011 331 441 70210 
On Mon, Feb 20, 2017 at 10:28 PM, Larry Summers 
wrote: 
What's issue. 
Do I have to go there 
R they stooges of Erdogan. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at: 
Follow me on twitter @lhsummers 
On Feb 21, 2017, at 12:14 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
do you want to work with turkish central bank to discuss currency issue i told them 250k 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
,IEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00664242
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664243

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664244.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664244.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Rupert Sheldrake
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: Hi from London 
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2017 18:26:20 +0000 
Attachments: JAMA2016.critique_of_genome_type_resaerch.pdf 
Dear Jeffrey, 
I'm in London, just finishing my new book. 
I don't know if you've seen this searing critique of conventional science funding priorities, with the heavy 
emphasis on genomic research in biomedicine, that was published in the Journal of the American Medical 
Association. It makes a strong call for more blue-sky research rather than the business as usual model that's so 
prevalent still.They clearly show that this is a broken model and conclude that 
"Public funders such as NIH should expand the funding for basic, `blue sky' science for which it is impossible to 
set, predict, and promise specific deliverables. In so doing, NIH should fund many more high-risk, 
unconventional ideas instead of supporting the same familiar highly funded research funds. However, novel 
funding mechanisms like NIH Pioneer Awards are currently only a tiny fraction of the total budget." I attach the 
article. 
Also, in the current Nature there is a piece about the Chan Zuckerberg Biohub giving away $50 
million. Although the subjects they've given them too sound pretty conventional to me, they claim that they are 
trying to fund the riskiest ideas. These pieces both rsuggest a welcome change of mood. 
I attach the link below 
Are you planning to come to London? If so do let me know because it would be great to meet up in person. 
Best 
Rupert 
http://www.nature.corn/news/riskiest-ideas-win-50-million-from-chan-zuckerberg-biohub-1.21440 
On 18 Feb 2017, at 13:31, jeffrey E. wrote: 
im in paris, you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00664244
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664245

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664246.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664246.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem < 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2017 18:14:15 +0000 
He is vegetarian no flesh of any kind (: 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 20, 2017, at 7:36 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Does ambani want fish 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jmS®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664246

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664247.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Philippe VAN DEN BROEK < 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: little st james 
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2017 16:40:24 +0000 
Inline-Images: logo_mail.png 
OK, noted : 
5.00pm StBarth time. 
Philippe VAN DEN BROEK 
architecte d.p.l.g 
cel: (+590)690 419 531 
63, rue de la Paix 
BP 703 - GUSTAVIA 
97099 SAINT-BARTHELEMY 
tel: (+590) 590 279 491 
mail: 
site: wymarchitectonik.fr 
Le 20 few. 2017 A 11:09, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
pm your time? 
On Mon, Feb 20, 2017 at 4:04 PM, Philippe VAN DEN BROEK < 
Bonjour Jeffrey, 
we can have a conference call with SKYPE if you don't mind. 
My skype name is: pvdbarchitectonik 
Please tell me what is the best moment for you. 
Best regards. 
Philippe VAN DEN BROEK 
architecte d.p.l.g 
cel: (+590)690 419 531 
<logo_mail.png> 
63, rue de la Paix 
BP 703 - GUSTAVIA 
97099 SAINT-BARTHELEMY 
tel: (+590) 590 279 491 
mail 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664247
--- PAGE 2 ---
site: www.architectonikir 
Le 19 fevr. 2017 A 08:20, jeffrey E. < 
>a ecrit: 
can we have a call today or in the next few days. or skype if you prefer. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664248

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664249.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thorbjon Jagland 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2017 15:55:56 +0000 
Yes 
man. 20. feb. 2017 kl. 16.49 skrev jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gtn>: 
Does thurs work 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664249

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664250.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: James Tagg
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2017 15:49:07 +0000 
Vienna but wants to move to California. 
James Tagg - +44 7408 802016 +1 646 355 1250 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Monday, 20 February 2017 at 07:46 
To: James Tagg 
Subject: Re: 
r). 
Where is she? 
On Mon, Feb 20, 2017 at 4:41 PM James Tagg < 
wrote: 
I should also say that Ivette, the Physics lead has a promise of several million dollars of funding from the Templeton 
foundation for the Bose-Einstein-Condensate sensor and currently has $200,000 in feasibility money and because she is 
Mexican has contacts to Carlos Slim and is working that route. 
James Tagg - +44 7408 802016 +1 646 355 1250 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Monday, 20 February 2017 at 03:24 
To: lames Tagg <r 
Subject: Re: 
how is the funding coming? sources amounts? etc 
On Mon, Feb 20, 2017 at 5:13 AM, James Tagg <=1.IM 
wrote: 
We are making progress on the Penrose Institute and have now found a person to lead the physics side. In the 
meantime, the first demonstration of brain tissue preserving entangled photons was demonstrated by a team in New 
York, not a proof of any quantum effects in the brain but an important enabler. Hope all is well with you. 
lames Tagg - +44 7408 802016 +1 646 355 1250 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Friday, 28 October 2016 at 01:47 
To: lames Tagg 
Subject: <no subject> 
thanks for coming. 
sorry it was so short. what is your travel schedule. . I thought you might have 
noticed that betsy is emblematic of why i dont allow wives or girlfreinds to attend , 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00664250
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@grnail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664251

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664252.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: James Tagg
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2017 15:41:54 +0000 
I should also say that Ivette, the Physics lead has a promise of several million dollars of funding from the Templeton 
foundation for the Bose-Einstein-Condensate sensor and currently has $200,000 in feasibility money and because she is 
Mexican has contacts to Carlos Slim and is working that route. 
James Tagg - +44 7408 802016 +1 646 355 1250 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Monday, 20 February 2017 at 03:24 
To: James Tagg 
Subject: Re: 
r). 
how is the funding coming? sources amounts? etc 
On Mon, Feb 20, 2017 at 5:13 AM, James Tagg <I 
l> wrote: 
We are making progress on the Penrose Institute and have now found a person to lead the physics side. In the 
meantime, the first demonstration of brain tissue preserving entangled photons was demonstrated by a team in New 
York, not a proof of any quantum effects in the brain but an important enabler. Hope all is well with you. 
James Tagg - +44 7408 802016 +1 646 355 1250 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Friday, 28 October 2016 at 01:47 
To: James Tagg 
Subject: <no subject> 
thanks for coming. 
sorry it was so short. what is your travel schedule. . I thought you might have noticed 
that betsy is emblematic of why i dont allow wives or girlfreinds to attend , 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664252
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664253

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664254.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Purevsuren Lundeg < 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: call 
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2017 15:39:05 +0000 
Sent from Yahoo Mail for iPhone 
On Monday, February 20, 2017, 12:27 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
could you send me gambahts details 
On Mon, Feb 20, 2017 at 7:00 AM, Purevsuren Lundeg 
wrote: 
Jeff, 
Could you ring me on my german mobile 
P. 
Sent from Yahoo Mail for iPhone 
On Sunday, February 19, 2017, 2:02 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Sony ok see you then 
On Sun, Feb 19, 2017 at 2:00 PM Purevsuren Lundeg •ca. 
wrote: 
Dear Jeff, 
Sad. I could not arrange the flights. 
will try to come NY as soon as possible. 
Purev 
Sent from Yahoo Mail for iPhone 
On Sunday, February 19, 2017, 12:15 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
late evening ok. orly a little closer I am next to arc de triumph 
On Sun, Feb 19, 2017 at 12:09 PM, Purevsuren Lundeg • 
wrote: 
Dear Jeff, 
Thank you for the news. Actually I'm in Munich now. Will fly today evening will be in Berlin. I should 
take my flight back to Mongolia tomorrow noon time from Berlin. 
EFTA00664254
--- PAGE 2 ---
I will check now immediately whether I could find a flight today afternoon from here to Paris. May be 
I could come to you today in the evening time. 
Late evening is o.k for you? which airport of Paris is close to your house in Paris? 
Best, 
Purev 
Sent from Yahoo Mail for iPhone 
On Sunday, February 19, 2017, 11:54 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I am in paris, if you are near 
please noteght back to ght 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00664255
--- PAGE 3 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664256

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664257.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664257.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: James Tagg < 
To: Jeffrey E. <jecvacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2017 15:18:32 +0000 
Jan 7th we pitched to Horizons Ventures said they 'yes' to both the Institute and the start-up, and that they would like to 
move straight away. However, since they said yes in Jan they have not yet managed to make it to England to meet Roger 
Penrose. They are working on finding a date. 
For Penrose Institute, I asked them for $800,000 feasibility, $10m start-up and then $100m. Same envelope that Allen 
Institute got. Then we would go for NIH NSF Templeton etc. and then they might fund further in the same way as Paul 
Allen. 
For Cengine we asked for £5m and indicated that we wanted around £1.5m to get started straight away. 
At the time we talked with Horizons did not have the consciousness probe idea worked out but that would be another 
similar start-up. The institute generates a lot of practical ideas for companies. 
Other sources for the Institute. 
Mani Bhaumik (meeting late March and a big fan of Roger Penrose) 
Jacobs Family (meeting their CTO today for social event) 
Have also pitched via a friend to Baidu. 
I have a longer list of people who are being warmed up. 
On Venture Capital side for Cengine I would do a seed round with Angels and raise £1.5m first raise. Because Horizons said 
yes, I have not pushed this forward as fast as I should, but I will meet the English angels that funded Truphone next week 
and the following week. 
(No particular reason why one is in £ and the other $ other than most of the Angel investors I know are UK based.) 
James Tagg - +44 7408 802016 +1 646 355 1250 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Monday, 20 February 2017 at 03:24 
To: James Tagg 
Subject: Re: 
how is the funding coming? sources amounts? etc 
On Mon, Feb 20, 2017 at 5:13 AM, James Tagg  
 wrote: 
We are making progress on the Penrose Institute and have now found a person to lead the physics side. In the 
meantime, the first demonstration of brain tissue preserving entangled photons was demonstrated by a team in New 
York, not a proof of any quantum effects in the brain but an important enabler. Hope all is well with you. 
James Tagg - +44 7408 802016 +1 646 355 1250 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Friday, 28 October 2016 at 01:47 
EFTA00664257
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: James Tagg 
Subject: <no subject> 
thanks for coming. 
sorry it was so short. what is your travel schedule. . I thought you might have noticed 
that betsy is emblematic of why i dont allow wives or girlfreinds to attend , 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664258

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664259.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664259.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Philippe VAN DEN BROEK < 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: little st james 
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2017 15:04:12 +0000 
Inline-Images: logo_mail.png 
Bonjour Jeffrey, 
we can have a conference call with SKYPE if you don't mind. 
My skype name is: pvdbarchitectonik 
Please tell me what is the best moment for you. 
Best regards. 
Philippe VAN DEN BROEK 
architecte d.p.l.g 
cel: (+590)690 419 531 
63, rue de la Paix 
BP 703 • GUSTAVIA 
97099 SAINT•BARTHELEMY 
tel: (+590) 590 279 491 
mail:
site: www.architectonik.fr 
Le 19 few. 2017 A 08:20, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
can we have a call today or in the next few days. or skype if you prefer. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664259

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664260.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2017 14:49:35 +0000 
safe travels 
In a message dated 2/20/2017 9:47:57 A.M. Eastern Standard Time, jeevacation@gmail.com writes: 
Paris 
On Mon, Feb 20, 2017 at 3:42 PM Jonathan Farkas <-> 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey if you are in palm beach want to meet for a drink tomorrow best Jonathan 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664260

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664261.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664261.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Michael Wolff 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 25 Feb 2017 01:17:39 +0000 
Saturday or Sunday? 
On Friday, February 24, 2017, Michael Wolff < 
> wrote: 
Sure. 
On Friday, February 24, 2017, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Dick cavett lunch? 
On Fri, Feb 24, 2017 at 3:53 PM Michael Wolff < 
wrote: 
Just coming back from DC. Do you have any time over the weekend? 
On Fri, Feb 24, 2017 at 12:00 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Home 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664261

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664262.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jon Tomlinson 
To: 
"jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: [Not Virus Scanned] Update 
Date: Sat, 18 Feb 2017 10:40:59 +0000 
Attachments: 2013_Tax_Retums.zip 
I followed up with the CPA yesterday and spoke to him. He will be calling the auditor on Tuesday (since Monday 
is a holiday) to set up a follow up date, about 3 - 4 weeks out. 
The only documents left that he needs from me are the 2013 tax returns (attached) and the worksheet that 
reconciles the 2014 QB data against the tax return. I'll be woryin the latter and will send to everyone when 
I'm done. Again, he anticipates that once they see the gifts into 
personal account, they will want to know 
why it wasn't taxed / why it was tax free. 
Let me know if you have any questions. 
Thanks, 
Jon 
EFTA00664262

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664263.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sandrine PAYET 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Date: The, 28 Dec 2010 20:57:33 +0000 
Attachments: CIMG1085.JPG 
I forgot... 
Merry Christmas ! 
(christmas picture at home with my family) 
EFTA00664263

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664264.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00664264

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664265.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Irina 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 15:18:04 , 0000 
I will ask now 
On Thu Dec 30th, 2010 2:13 PM MSK Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
>does=liave a friend 
>************************■■■■******************************* 
>The information contained in this communication is 
>confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
>constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
>the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
>Jeffrey Epstein 
>Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
>communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
>and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
>communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
>return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
>destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
>including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664265

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664266.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Se 
?stein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 15:20:31 +0000 
No picture attached , I have no idea 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 11:02 AM, 
  wrote: 
Of course. I remember taking the picture. 
It's now not even in my old mailbox or anywhere to be found. It just showed up on my phone this morning. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@qmail.com> 
To:M< 
Sent: Thu, December 30, 2010 9:55:10 AM 
Subject: Re: 
I have no idea. are you sure it was sent to me? 
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 10:51 AM, N E M • 
wrote: 
' Strange. Did you get that email on Jun 17 2004? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein < 
To: 
Sent Thu, December 30, 2010 9:47:57 AM 
Subject Re: 
i know nothing about it, 
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 10:41 AM, < 
wrote: 
What is going on here? Did you send this? 
It appears to have come from my old email but I have not used it in years. 
Sent via portable phone 
Original Message---
From: 
Date: 17 Jun 2004 03:35:17 
To: a 
Heeey, 
I hope you've had a nice relaxing day like me ;-) 
I went for a walk, I red the massage book, 
EFTA00664266
--- PAGE 2 ---
I missed you, I played with my new phone, 
I played with my camera, and I wanted to 
play with you soo much... 
....but I ate a Reese's peanut butter cup and I feel better now :-) 
I only wish I was lying in bed with you right now. 
I was also THINKING about sending you another 
"miss you" e-card today, but I thought that you might 
prefer an n-card instead... 
EFTA00664267
--- PAGE 3 ---
....and showing it to anyone would NOT be funny 
Really... 
Bezplatny mail, forum, 
***************** 
********** 
****** *********** 
*************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664268

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664269.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Adam Bly <MM
Ia> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 15:21:02 +0000 
It's becoming impossible to manage the cash flow. I don't think we'll 
make it through first week of january without a capital infusion or at 
least the commitment of one. Board is going to meet early next week 
and I don't think they have solutions. Landlord and factoring agent 
have personal guarantees from me and I won't be able to withstand suits. 
EFTA00664269

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664270.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664270.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Annabelle Neilson"
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 15:28:06 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Getting on a plane right now to Morroco, back on the 1st, what about you and your entourage? 
Sent using BlackBerry® from Orange 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 07:14:22 -0400 
To: annabelleneilson< 
Subject: 
new years? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664270

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664271.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Wildflower thatxtegv curtains storage gym road gym entrance bedroom door Punching nag gym 
mess archer dozerpint mechanical beacgthree terrace po level garbage can gym weight beltocean 
equip organize 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 15:32:22 +0000 
Wildflower thatxtegv curtains storage gym road gym entrance bedroom door Punching nag gym mess archer 
dozerpint mechanical beacgthree terrace po level garbage can gym weight beltocean equip organize 
EFTA00664271

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664272.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: JE Jail <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 15:42:31 +0000 
Did I miss a response from you to the green card email? 
EFTA00664272

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664273.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664273.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Harry Beller" cz
> 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 15:46:58 +0000 
Jeffrey 
May I take off tomorrow. I am afraid to be in the city tomorrow due to the traffic . It's an early Shabbos this week. 
Happy New Year. 
Harry 
EFTA00664273

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664274.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Harry Belier
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 15:50:30 -4)000 
> 
Ok 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 11:46 AM, "Harry Beller" 
wrote: 
Jeffrey 
May I take off tomorrow. I am afraid to be in the city tomorrow due to the traffic . It's an early Shabbos this 
week. 
Happy New Year. 
Harry 
EFTA00664274

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664275.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:Mepstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 15:51:18 +0000 
No email? 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 11:42 AM 
wrote: 
Did I miss a response from you to the green card email? 
EFTA00664275

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664276.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 'e
I ffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 15:57:08 +0000 
Call in office in the hour 3407752525 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 11:42 AM, 
c1
Did I miss a response from you to the green card email? 
wrote: 
EFTA00664276

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664277.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.corn> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 15:59:41 -0000 
You got it on Dec 15 at 8.05 am 
FromiSarey epstein <jeevacation@gmall.com> 
Tacl 
Sent: Thu, December 30, 2010 10:51:18 AM 
Subject: Re: 
No email? 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 11:42 AM, 
Did I miss a response from you to the green card email? 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664277

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664278.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Emad Hanna 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 16:03:07 +0000 
Brian Roberts bid? 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664278

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664279.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Se 
epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 16:04:23 +0000 
New IT guy , nothing works 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 11:59 AM, 
> wrote: 
You got it on Dec 15 at 8.05 am 
FroaLigaey epstein leevacationagmail.com> 
Sent: Thu, December 30, 2010 10:51:18 AM 
Subject: Re: 
No email? 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 11:42 AM,e 
Did I miss a response from you to the green card email? 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664279

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664280.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Emad Hanna" 
To: "Jeffrey epstein" leevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 16:16:00 +0000 
He is to hand deliver it to Gary tomorrow morning at Gary's office 
Thank you 
Emad Hanna 
Project Controller 
HBRK Associates 
301 East 66th St 
Suite 10F 
New Y rk NY 1006 
Cell 
LSJ Office (340) 775-8127 
St. Thomas Office (340) 775-2525 
NY Office (646) 862-4815 
Fax (646) 350-0221 
Original Message 
From: jeffrey epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, December 30, 2010 11:03 AM 
To: Emad Hanna 
Subject: 
Brian Roberts bid? 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664280

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664281.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Emad Hanna" 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 16:22:24 +0000 
He will send it to me via e mail today and I will forward it to you 
Thank you 
Emad Hanna 
Project Controller 
HBRK Associates 
301 East 66th St 
Suite 10F 
New ork NY 70065 
Cell 
LS) Office (340) 775-8127 
St. Thomas Office (340) 775-2525 
NY Office (646) 862-4815 
Fax (646) 350-0221 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [malitoleevacation@gmalLoom] 
Sent: Thursday, December 30, 2010 11:19 AM 
To: Emad Hanna 
Subject: Re: 
tomorrow is a holiday 
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 12:16 PM, Emad Hanna 
He is to hand deliver it to Gary tomorrow morning at Gary's office 
Thank you 
Emad Hanna 
Project Controller 
HBRK Associates 
301 East 66th St 
Suite 10F 
New York, NY 10065 
Cell 
LSJ Office (340) 775-8127 
St. Thomas Office (340) 775-2525 
NY Office (646) 862-4815 
Fax (646) 350-0221 
Original Message 
From: jeffrey epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Thursday, December 30, 2010 11:03 AM 
To: Emad Hanna 
Subject: 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664281
--- PAGE 2 ---
Brian Roberts bid? 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664282

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664283.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 16:49:29 +0000 
Importance Normal 
hi jeffrey, 
i have a friend a freelance artist too.. he can come to work on the island for a week or two. he asked me how much is 
paid for a day and i told him probably like regular payment for straight venetian plaster..usually it is 250$ - 300 in new 
york, and when its outside of new york its a little more..like 300$. usually people pays stipend too 40$ a day and the the 
day of the flight too. 
so i dont know what to say, so what do you think, is that ok? 
thank you 
ion 
EFTA00664283

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664284.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 16:54:05 +0000 
Hello, whats going on in paris? How are you and Nadia?? 
I have school exams right now, then i probably wanna leave somewhere for work... 
Hope liad great Christmass and have a very happy New Year! 
2010/12/30 Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
when can you come to paris 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664284

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664285.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 17:02:00 +0000 
Importance Normal 
thank you 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 11:52:39 -0500 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com
To: 
yes 
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 11:49 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
hi Jeffrey, 
i have a friend a freelance artist too.. he can come to work on the island for a week or two. he asked me how much is 
paid for a day and i told him probably like regular payment for straight venetian plaster..usually it is 250$ - 300 in new 
york, and when its outside of new york its a little more..like 300$. usually people pays stipend too 40$ a day and the 
the day of the flight too. 
so i dont know what to say, so what do you think, is that ok? 
thank you 
ion 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-dient privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
induding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664285

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664286.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 17:08:06 +0000 
Importance Normal 
i forgot.. 
happy new year!! 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 11:52:39 -0500 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
yes 
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 11:49 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
i have a friend a freelance artist too.. he can come to work on the island for a week or two. he asked me how much is 
paid for a day and i told him probably like regular payment for straight venetian plaster..usually it is 250$ - 300 in new 
york, and when its outside of new york its a little more..like 300$. usually people pays stipend too 40$ a day and the 
the day of the flight too. 
so i dont know what to say, so what do you think, is that ok? 
thank you 
ion 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664286

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664287.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 17:59:34 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
When can I call you ? 
EFTA00664287

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664288.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.corn> 
Subject: Gov Richardson 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 18:41:52 +0000 
Janis called, Gov Richardson would like to speak to you again - 
EFTA00664288

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664289.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 19:01:38 +0000 
http://www.amazon.com/Professional-Metric-Plastic-Triangular-Scale/dpB0032O78TC 
This is what I was referring to... 
EFTA00664289

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664290.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "kersti" 
To: "Palm Beach" 9eevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 19:29:36 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Ummm... William's mother took a turn for the worst and I have not had the opportunity to book my flight. I hope 
to be back by Sun. Will let you know if there are changes. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu. 30 Dec 2010 14:53:35 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
sat or sun? 
On Mon, Dec 27, 2010 at 1:38 PM, kersti 1 
I was sure you had it 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jesioti@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon 27 Dec 2010 11:28:05 -0500
To: 
Subject: 
nmber 
I? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664290
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664291

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664292.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 19:33:39 +0000 
Importance Normal 
Daphne can meet with Jacklyn any time between 12:00 and 4:00 on the 5th. I think the best thing is for Jacklyn to email 
D hn 
it I 
II h r wh
time sh w Id like to come. Here is Daphne's email and phone number -
I have contacted Lawrence. I had an old phone number for him. It seems 
to be the right one. Left a message. Have not heard back yet. 
EFTA00664292

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664293.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: JE Jail <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 19:43:06 +0000 
Thank you very much for the soup. It was perfect 
EFTA00664293

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664294.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Emad Hanna 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 20:03:21 +0000 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664294

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664295.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
< 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 20:46:31 +0000 
Importance Normal 
> 
I heard from Bill Lawrence. He can meet with Jacklyn on the mornin of the fifth. I think it is best for lack 
to contact 
Bill directly to set up a time. Here is his contact information - Ph:
EFTA00664295

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664296.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 't 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation(gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: No Subject 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 21:51:48 +0000 
Hey jeffrey! She says she's wrkng at the restaurant tngt. 1 asked her bout daytime tmrw though and am waiting to 
hear back. 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 28, 2010 12:48 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
send photo.. maybe fri or sat//i will not be back before then 
On Tue, Dec 28, 2010 at 12:43 PM, 
When do you want to mee haley this wk? 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
> wrote: 
On Dec 27, 2010 10:31 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how bad is the snow? 
On Sun, Dec 26, 2010 at 9:47 PM, 
> wrote: 
Thank you jeffrey, see you wed :) 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 26, 2010 5:56 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationOgmail.com> wrote: 
of course 
On Sun, Dec 26, 2010 at 5:11 PM, 
> wrote: 
Hey jeffrey 
I have a question, my roommate is losing her un employment and now she has to 
charge 900 for my room I'm paying $600 for now. I really want to stay there and 
I'm so tired of moving.. I wanted to know if you can pay 300 just til I'm done with 
school and I can pay 600 I'm willing to give massages in exchange or do some 
work when I can. 
EFTA00664296
--- PAGE 2 ---
- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 24, 2010 6:15 PM, Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
McKee 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00664297
--- PAGE 3 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664298

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664299.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: WWI 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 23:23:22 +0000 
i am in good shape andayarking out every day... not eating a lot, but no more funky things. 
can i start to work whet 
eaves to Europe? on dec 31 we are preparing everything for new year... can i come in 
the morning before that? work is my priority, i just want to get the R finally 
- - On Thu, 12/30/10, Jeffrey Epstein efrevacation@gmaiLcom> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
So 
To: 
< 
Date: Thursday, December 30, 2010, 11:01 AM 
are you keeping your eating discipline.. 
>
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 1:52 AM, 
wrote:
i didnt see her 
- - On Thu, 12/30/10, Jeffrey Epstein tevacation@gmakcom> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Subject: Fwd: 
To: 
< 
Date: Thursday, December 30, 2010, 1:43 AM 
careful with 
Forwarded message 
From: Ramsey Elkholy 
Date: Wed, Dec 29, 2010 at 7:17 PM 
Subject: RE: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
The russian guy wants money for introducing her to me. Normally I wouldn't mind but I don't want any 
connection w this guy. I'm sure if we do anything w her he will be in the picture, which I guess you could 
do without. She has already been informing him of every correspondence and he has sent me some 
threatening text messages. The guy is a psycho. 
Date: Wed, 29 Dec 2010 12:33:10 -0500 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
any word? do you want
il for her? 
EFTA00664299
--- PAGE 2 ---
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664300
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00664301

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664302.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 23:28:18 +0000 
i think he is talking about Mark, the ex of.... 
i will try to find out.=is 
very sick 
- - On Thu, 12/30/10, Jeffrey Epstein efrevacation@gmaiLcom> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
So 
To: 
Date: Thursday, December 30, 2010, 10:54 AM 
are you free to work for the nextthree days 
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 1:52 AM, 
i didnt see her 
wrote: 
- - On Thu, 12/30/10, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmaiLcom> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Subject: Fwd: 
To: 
Date: Thursday, December 30, 2010, 1:43 AM 
careful with yana 
Forwarded message 
From: Ramsey Elkholy 
Date: Wed, Dec 29, 2010 at 7:17 PM 
Subject: RE: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
The russian guy wants money for introducing her to me. Normally I wouldn't mind but I don't want any 
connection w this guy. I'm sure if we do anything w her he will be in the picture, which I guess you could 
do without. She has already been informing him of every correspondence and he has sent me some 
threatening text messages. The guy is a psycho. 
Date: Wed, 29 Dec 2010 12:33:10 -0500 
Subject: 
From: 
To: 
any word? do you want vera wang for her? 
EFTA00664302
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jee
m@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664303

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664304.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 23:42:33 -4)000 
Did u talk te 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which. may be proprietary or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient 
only. If you have received this message by error, please notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You. the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a 
safe. secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject you to penalties described in Federal and State 
law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664304

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664305.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 23:47:11 +0000 
few weeks ago i talked toNand Mibout the eating problems that i had and that i hadnt told the truth about it 
and said that i was sorry about this situation and that it would never happen again. 
EFTA00664305

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664306.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Ginn" <:a. 
To: leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:07:43 +0000 
Am in Vegas! 
EFTA00664306

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664307.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L." ala> 
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Happy New Year 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:15:58 +0000 
I hope that this year marks great health, new chapters, peace and prosperity for you. You are one of the blessings 
in my life and I cherish our friendship. 
EFTA00664307

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664308.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates • 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:35:07 +0000 
No , just landed 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 6:42 PM, Faith Kates < 
Did u talk to summer? 
> wrote: 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information. some or all of which. may be proprietary or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient 
only. If you have received this message by error, please notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient. are obligated to maintain it in a 
safe, secure. and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject you to penalties described in Federal and 
State law. Next Management. LLC and any affiliate companies are not responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664308

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664309.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Gmax 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:35:21 +0000 
And? 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 7:07 PM, "Gmax" < 
Am in Vegas! 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664309

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664310.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664310.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "Farkas, Andrew L." ala> 
Subject: Re: Happy New Year 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:35:44 +0000 
Thx 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 7:15 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L." <aa> 
wrote: 
> I hope that this year marks great health, new chapters, peace and prosperity for you. You are one of the 
blessings in my life and I cherish our friendship. 
EFTA00664310

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664311.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Gmax" <IIMI
> 
To: <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:36:08 +0000 
Nothing - just got here. Where are you 
---- Original Message ----
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com.> 
To: Gmax 
Sent: Thu Dec 30 19:35:21 2010 
Subject: Re: 
And? 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 7:07 PM, "Gmax" •c
l• wrote: 
Am in Vegas! 
EFTA00664311

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664312.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Gmax 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:39:03 +0000 
Just landed ny 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 7:36 PM, "Gmax" c 
Nothing - just got here. Where are you 
---- Original Message ----
From: jeffrey epstein leevacifior@l
i
gmail.com.>
To: Gmax 
Sent: Thu Dec 30 19:35:21 2010 
Subject: Re: 
And? 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 7:07 PM, "Gmax" ,' 
wrote: 
Am in Vegas! 
wrote: 
EFTA00664312

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664313.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates aa> 
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:41:38 +0000 
Where r u 
Original Message 
From: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates 
Sent: Thu Dec 30 19:35:07 2010 
Subject: Re: 
No , just landed 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 6:42 PM, Faith Kates <a 
wrote: 
Did u talk to summer? 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664313

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664314.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 'effre e stein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Re: Fwd: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:45:48 +0000 
I don't understand what you wrote 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 6:23 PM, 
wrote: 
i am in good shape and 
king out every day... not eating a lot, but no more funky things. 
can i start to work wheaves to Europe? on dec 31 we are preparing everything for new year... can i come 
in the morning before that? work is my priority, i just want to get the R finally 
- - On Thu, 12/30/10, Jeffrey Epstein leevarationAgmaiicom> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Sub'ect: Re: Fwd: 
To 
Date: Thursday, December 30, 2010, 11:01 AM 
are you keeping your eating discipline.. 
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 1:52 AM, 
> wrote: 
i didnt see her 
- - On Thu, 12/30/10, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmaiLcom> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Subject: Fwd: 
To: 'a"
Date: Thursday, December 30, 2010, 1:43 AM 
careful with 
-------- Forwarded message 
From: Ramsey Elkholy  
Date: Wed, Dec 29, 2010 at 7:17 PM 
Subject: RE: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
The russian guy wants money for introducing her to me. Normally I wouldn't mind but I don't want any 
connection w this guy. I'm sure if we do anything w her he will be in the picture, which I guess you 
could do without. She has already been informing him of every correspondence and he has sent me 
some threatening text messages. The guy is a psycho. 
EFTA00664314
--- PAGE 2 ---
Date: Wed, 29 Dec 2010 12:33:10 -0500 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
any word? do you want vera wang for her? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00664315
--- PAGE 3 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664316

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664317.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates aa 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:46:11 +0000 
Ny 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 7:41 PM, Faith Kates <aa> 
wrote: 
> Where r u 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
> To: Faith Kates 
> Sent: Thu Dec 30 19:35:07 2010 
> Subject: Re: 
> No , just landed 
> Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
> On Dec 30, 2010, at 6:42 PM, Faith Kates <aa> 
wrote: 
> Did u talk to summer? 
> NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
> NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664317

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664318.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:47:25 +0000 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Eva Dubin
Date: December 30, 2010 3:46:31 PM EST 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com>
I heard from Bill Lawrence. He can meet with Jacklyn on the morning of the filth. 1 think it is best for Jacklyn 
to contact Bill directly to set up a time. Here is his contact information - Ph: 
EFTA00664318

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664319.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
aa> 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:52:50 +0000 
MR1? 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664319

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664320.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation(dgmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: No Subject 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:53:18 +0000 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 4:51 PM, " 
" < 
> wrote: 
Hey jeffrey! She says she's wrkng at the restaurant tngt. I asked her bout daytime tmnv though and am waiting 
to hear back. 
- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 28, 2010 12:48 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
send photo.. maybe fri or sat//i will not be back before then 
On Tue, Dec 28, 2010 at 12:43 PM, 
When do you want to mee haley this wk? 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 27, 2010 10:31 AM, Jeffrey Epstein 
how bad is the snow? 
On Sun, Dec 26, 2010 at 9:47 PM, 
Thank you jeffrey, see you wed :) 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
> wrote: 
<jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> wrote: 
On Dec 26, 2010 5:56 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
of course 
On Sun, Dec 26, 2010 at 5:11 PM, 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664320
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hey jeffrey 
I have a question, my roommate is losing her un employment and now she has to 
charge 900 for my room I'm paying $600 for now. I really want to stay there and 
I'm so tired of moving.. I wanted to know if you can pay 300 just til I'm done with 
school and I can pay 600 I'm willing to give massages in exchange or do some 
work when I can. 
- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 24, 2010 6:15 PM, jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
McKee 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA00664321
--- PAGE 3 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664322

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664323.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jes Staley cz
Ell=a> 
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:53:26 +0000 
Happy new year. It nice to have u free. 
Much to come. 
Please know that I am an friend forever. You are very special. 
Knowing u, I will toast to the two of us, tomorrow night. 
Best 
Jes 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and 
conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of 
securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, 
confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, 
available at http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosureslemail. 
EFTA00664323

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664324.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664324.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Jes Staley 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 00:55:21 +0000 
Ditto 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 7:53 PM, Jes Staley <
IIIIMa> 
wrote: 
> Happy new year. It nice to have u free. 
> Much to come. 
> Please know that I am an friend forever. You are very special. 
> Knowing u, I will toast to the two of us, tomorrow night. 
> Best 
> Jes 
> This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and 
> conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of 
> securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, 
> confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, 
> available at hup://www.jpmorgan.corn/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA00664324

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664325.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: " 
To: "jeffrey epstein" ccjeevacation(%ginail.com> 
Subject: Re: No Subject 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 01:15:38 +0000 
I sent you an email did you get it? She's not available tngt she's wrkng and tmrw she's going to her family in CT 
again..im waiting for her reply on when she is back. 
- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 30, 2010 7:53 PM, jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 4:51 PM, " 
' < 
> wrote: 
Hey jeffrey! She says she's wrkng at the restaurant tngt. I asked her bout daytime 
tmrw though and am waiting to hear back. 
- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 28, 2010 12:48 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
send photo.. maybe fri or sat//i will not be back before then 
On Tue, Dec 28, 2010 at 12:43 PM, 
When do you want to mee haley this wk? 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
> wrote: 
On Dec 27, 2010 10:31 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how bad is the snow? 
On Sun, Dec 26, 2010 at 9:47 PM, 
> wrote: 
Thank you jeffrey, see you wed :) 
EFTA00664325
--- PAGE 2 ---
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 26, 2010 5:56 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
of course 
On Sun, Dec 26, 2010 at 5:11 PM, 
> wrote: 
Hey jeffrey 
I have a question, my roommate is losing her un employment and now she has to 
charge 900 for my room I'm paying $600 for now. I really want to stay there and 
I'm so tired of moving.. I wanted to know if you can pay 300 just til I'm done with 
school and I can pay 600 I'm willing to give massages in exchange or do some 
work when I can. 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 24, 2010 6:15 PM, jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
McKee 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00664326
--- PAGE 3 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664327

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664328.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 01:42:56 +0000 
only friend for now is her roommate, and she is in Russia for holidays._ herself is free anytime! 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
To=< 
Sent: Thu, December 30, 2010 3:13:32 AM 
Subject: 
does 
have a friend 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664328

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664329.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 01:47:08 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Merci pour le sejour sur I ile 
Sent via BlackBeny from T-Mobile 
EFTA00664329

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664330.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Olga 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 02:47:23 +0000 
Confirmed for tomorrow 9.30am 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664330

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664331.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: " 
To: "jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation(%gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: No Subject 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 03:18:52 +0000 
Do you still want me to sleep over? 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 30, 2010 7:53 PM, Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my 'Phone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 4:51 PM, " 
' < 
> wrote: 
Hey jeffrey! She says she's wrkng at the restaurant tngt. I asked her bout daytime 
tmrw though and am waiting to hear back. 
- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 28, 2010 12:48 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
send photo.. maybe fri or sat//i will not be back before then 
On Tue, Dec 28, 2010 at 12:43 PM, 
When do you want to mee haley this wk? 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 27, 2010 10:31 AM, Jeffrey Epstein 
how bad is the snow? 
On Sun, Dec 26, 2010 at 9:47 PM, 
Thank you jeffrey, see you wed :) 
> wrote: 
<jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664331
--- PAGE 2 ---
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 26, 2010 5:56 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
of course 
On Sun, Dec 26, 2010 at 5:11 PM, 
> wrote: 
Hey jeffrey 
I have a question, my roommate is losing her un employment and now she has to 
charge 900 for my room I'm paying $600 for now. I really want to stay there and 
I'm so tired of moving.. I wanted to know if you can pay 300 just til I'm done with 
school and I can pay 600 I'm willing to give massages in exchange or do some 
work when I can. 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 24, 2010 6:15 PM, jeffrey epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> wrote: 
McKee 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00664332
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664333

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664334.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:" 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevaeation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: No Subject 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 03:28:37 +0000 
Ok I'm coming over now :) 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 30, 2010 10:22 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes of course 
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 10:18 PM, 
Do you still want me to sleep over? 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
> wrote: 
On Dec 30, 2010 7:53 PM, jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 4:51 PM, " 
' < 
> wrote: 
Hey jeffrey! She says she's wrkng at the restaurant tngt. I asked her bout daytime 
tmrw though and am waiting to hear back. 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 28, 2010 12:48 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
send photo.. maybe fri or sat//i will not be back before then 
On Tue, Dec 28, 2010 at 12:43 PM, 
When do you want to mee haley this wk? 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664334
--- PAGE 2 ---
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 27, 2010 10:31 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how bad is the snow? 
On Sun, Dec 26, 2010 at 9:47 PM, 
> wrote: 
Thank you jeffrey, see you wed :) 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 26, 2010 5:56 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
of course 
On Sun, Dec 26, 2010 at 5:11 PM, 
wrote: 
Hey jeffrey 
I have a question, my roommate is losing her un employment and now she has 
to charge 900 for my room I'm paying $600 for now. I really want to stay there 
and I'm so tired of moving.. I wanted to know if you can pay 300 just til I'm 
done with school and I can pay 600 I'm willing to give massages in exchange or 
do some work when I can. 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 24, 2010 6:15 PM, jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
McKee 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00664335
--- PAGE 3 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00664336
--- PAGE 4 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664337

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664338.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664338.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
To: JE Jail <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 04:26:07 +0000 
Thank you for the yoga frog...it's a sweet thought. 
It was always the note you wrote when you sent me your little gifts that meant the most...even though half the time I 
couldn't even decipher it. 
This is the first one you didn't write yourself and it makes me sad.. 
I know you meant well.. 
EFTA00664338

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664339.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 04:49:32 +0000 
Importance Normal 
Bloody effusion of the knee joint and popliteal fossa. Cause????unknown.... 
> From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
> Date: Thu 30 Dec 2010 19:52:50 -0500 
> To: 
> MRI? 
> Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664339

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664340.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Gmax" 
To: <jeevacation0:gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 05:18:31 +0000 
Feels v random so far - you are missing nothing 
EFTA00664340

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664341.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates a> 
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 12:11:07 +0000 
Yru in nyc 
Original Message 
From: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates 
Sent: Thu Dec 30 19:46:11 2010 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Ny 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 7:41 PM, Faith Kates a 
wrote: 
> Where r u 
> 
Original Message 
> From: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
> To: Faith Kates 
> Sent: Thu Dec 30 19:35:07 2010 
> Subject: Re: 
> No , just landed 
> Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
> On Dec 30, 2010, at 6:42 PM, Faith Kates a> 
wrote: 
> Did u talk to summer? 
> NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
> NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
EFTA00664341
--- PAGE 2 ---
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664342

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664343.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 12:54:35 +0000 
Just had 8 ... 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664343

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664344.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 13:50:44 +0000 
rn 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [maiito:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, December 31, 2010 8:44 AM 
To: Faith Kates 
Subject: Re: Re: 
work 
On Fri, Dec 31, 2010 at 7:11 AM, Faith Kates < 
> wrote: 
Yru in nyc 
Original Message 
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: Faith Kates 
Sent: Thu Dec 30 19:46:11 2010 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Ny 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 7:41 PM, Faith Kates < 
> wrote: 
> Where r u 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
> To: Faith Kates 
> Sent: Thu Dec 30 19:35:07 2010 
> Subject: Re: 
> No , just landed 
> Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
> On Dec 30, 2010, at 6:42 PM, Faith Kates < 
> wrote: 
> 
Did u talk to summer? 
• 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be 
EFTA00664344
--- PAGE 2 ---
proprietary or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, 
please notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a 
safe, secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could 
subject you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies 
are not responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
> NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information. some or all of which. may be proprietary or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient 
only. If you have received this message by error, please notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You. the recipient. are obligated to maintain it in a 
safe. secure. and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject you to penalties described in Federal and State 
law. Next Management. LLC and any affiliate companies are not responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664345

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664346.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:-
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 13:56:17 +0000 
Wow, these reactions are exactly what I don't miss. Thank you. I feel better a little better 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Sent: Fri, December 31, 2010 8:46:09 AM 
Subject: Re: 
add it to your complaint list 
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 11:26 PM, 
> wrote: 
Thank you for the yoga frog...it's a sweet thought. 
It was always the note you wrote when you sent me your little gifts that meant the most...even though half the time I 
couldn't even decipher it. 
This is the first one you didn't write yourself and it makes me sad.. 
I know you meant well.. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664346

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664347.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Dite Anata 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 13:59:27 +0000 
Hahha I love you too Jeff! 
You have a good New Year! 
On Friday, December 31, 2010, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> hopefully, this year you will grow up a bit.. A dietician is as close to spa training as, a plumber. you can do 
better. 
> --
> 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664347

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664348.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 14:13:19 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Terrific! Thank you!!! 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri 31 Dec 2010 06:30:45 -0500 
To: 
Subject: 
come see me today, even if only for a few minutes 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664348

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664349.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 14:31:07 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
When can I call you ? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2010 14:47:43 -0400 
To:
Subject: Re: 
tomorrow 
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 1:59 PM, < 
> wrote: 
When can I call you ? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664349

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664350.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 14:31:40 +0000 
Is everything okay?? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664350

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664351.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 15:57:22 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Finishing the grosseries and coming 
Sent via BlacicBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA00664351

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664352.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Pritzker, Tom" <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 15:59:30 +0000 
going out skiing - 6" new powder. 
house is awesome, you need to come see it ... if I were you I would do that in the summer. 
Will Call. 
China on Monday -- going fishing. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailbaleevacation@gmail.wm] 
Sent: Friday, December 31, 2010 09:53 AM 
To: Pritzker, Tom 
Subject: 
in new york 212 772 9416 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664352

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664353.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacationgginail.corn 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 16:04:04 +0000 
Jim McCann is showing a young couple with two kids around. They are looking at lakefronts mostly asking in the teens. They 
have got the kids into Benjamin and are moving to PB but dont live here now. He is in the financial industry - as they say. They 
dont want to do work. I haven( asked for the name. They are looking at the house acrosds from Joel on Via Bellaria which has 
asked as high as $24 but which is now talked about at $14. It is a deco Fatio that needs a lot of work. They are excited to see 
it from the pies but are going to see it in person this morning. 
Since they like the looks of that house (white and sleek) but dont want to do work, it occurs to me that they'd like El Brillo. If 
you are interested, I could suggest to Jim that they look at El Brillo. I havent said you'd be interested. 
There has been a lot of action lately in lakefronts. Moens sold Schur on 125 ft at 1090 N Lake Way yesterday for $12.375. 
Vecellio sold his mock French tudor on Via del Mar for $9.64. Pelican Lane is under contract for $9ish and 181 Clarendon was 
under for $10ish but fell apart this morning. 
Also Schlesinger at 801 S County closed at $'16.8 but Richard Schlesinger is saying the real price was $20 after backing out 
commissions and some furnishings. 
If you are at all interested I could approach McCann and find out who they are before you decide. I do not want to even start 
down the path unless you'd consider it. 
EFTA00664353

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664354.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 17:21:52 +0000 
will come at 2pm 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664354

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664355.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: John Brockman
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 18:23:01 +0000 
JE, 
please take the wexner foundation reference off of my edge third culture page 
Done. 
Now I want you to respond to the EDGE Q. Sending again in next email. If you do. I will send a free copy of the 
following: 
http://www.pickover.corn/jih.html 
Call me later this afternoon. Need advice. Dealing with a medical situation and baffled by contrary comments 
from all the doctors. It involved having very major surgery - or minor surgery - or doing nothing. Has to do with 
structural problems of my vertebrae, particularly cervical area - not disease. Otherwise in perfect health. I've had 
every test ever invented in the last two weeks. I'll be back here around 4 and rest of weekend 
JB 
EFTA00664355

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664356.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Gmax" <IIMI
> 
To: <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2010 18:34:19 +0000 
Why can't she do simply entries - quick books is designed for the lay person and all she has to do I follow by example - all my bills are the 
same and plug the no's into the right sectors - I'll have it reviewed by the accountant and checked by weekly 
--- Original Message ----
From: Jeffrey Epstein cieevacation@gmail.com.> 
To: Gmax 
Sent: Fri Dec 31 12:29:46 2010 
Subject: 
sorry,M cannot do bookkeeping 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664356

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664357.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski <Ma> 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: SAMPLE Pro-Forma L.O.I. AND Presentation of BBJ-2 For Sale 
Date: Mon, 13 Apr 2015 16:06:21 +0000 
Jeffrey 
You are correct on all accounts,. 
year due this year,. Which is the big inspection,. The Gear was done in 2013, which will help. 
If prebuy inspection was 12 year, we only pay the labor, the big expense would be repairs at sellers expense. 
Obtaining US C of A would be very easy since 12 year inspection is what DAR wants to see., 
Gary is confirming disparity on total time 
Thx 
Lany 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 13, 2015, at 11:55 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
only willing to purchase after the C check complete 
On Mon, Apr 13, 2015 at 11:16 AM, Lany Visoski c 
wrote: 
This will catch you off Gaurd., 
BBJ 2 
Nice floor plan., 
Offer attached 
Owen is from Monacco and wants to down size, he likes our B727 
See attached from Gary 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Gary Anzalone < 
> 
Date: April 13, 2015 at 11:03:02 AM EDT 
To: " 
Sherry Cannon
Laggan 
Subject: Fwd: SAMPLE Pro-Forma L.O.I. AND Presentation of BBJ-2 For Sale 
Larry, 
Please see the attached offer and presentation. 
This is a deal! 
Let's discuss. 
>, Richard 
EFTA00664357
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sincerely, 
Gary Anzalone - Managing Partner 
Eauus Global Aviation, LLC 
(M) 
(0) 
From: 
Date: Mon, Apr 13, 2015 at 9:51 AM 
Subject: SAMPLE Pro-Forma L.O.I. AND Presentation of BBJ-2 For Sale 
To: "Gary Anzalone
Hi Gary, 
Forwarded message 
Thank-you for your continued interest in our BBJ-2 S/N 32777 as a possible solution for your client. 
As you know the Boeing BBJ market has been our speciality since 2001 when we sold the first BBJ ever to resell. 
Since then we have been fortunate enough to sell 29 pre-owned BBJ's including the last 3 aircraft to trade in the 
past 12 months. 
I sold the BBJ-2 S/N 32777 to its present owners in 2007 and now they want to sell it outright OR they would 
consider trading down. When I mentioned your clients Boeing 727-100 S/N 20115, they thought this might make a 
sensible solution for them. We have scrutinized the Specifications thoroughly on your Boeing 727-100 AND we have 
been authorized to submit the following proposal for your perusal. 
We would be prepared to Trade our aircraft BB1-2 S/N 32777 for NET : $31,500,000.00 USD PLUS clear title to 
Boeing 727-100 S/N 20115.  If you do the math I think you would agree this proposal shows excellent value. The 
official Asking Price for our BBJ-2 S/N 32777 is $ 39.5 million USD and if we allow $3.5 million USD for your aircraft 
The Price Difference should be equal to $36.0 million USD 
However in summary, as a gesture of 
good faith you can see we have already reduced the price difference by a further $4.5 million USD in order to try 
and get a deal done. 
Not only is BBJ-2 S/N 32777 in exception condition 
 It was one of the nicest Boeing BBJ's ever built to date. 
The completion was done in 2003 to the highest standards possible by Lufthansa Technik in Germany. I have ridden 
in this aircraft many times AND it is definitely one of the quietest BBJ's ever built. Of course with the BBJ-2 you get 
almost 30% more interior cabin than the BBJ-1 so you truly feel all the benefits of a "Big Cabin" aircraft. 
We do have a couple of other interested parties currently looking at our aircraft but we will gladly leave our formal 
Offer open to your clients acceptance until the end of this week. 
EFTA00664358
--- PAGE 3 ---
Thank-you once again for your interest and we look forward to your favourable response and to completing this deal 
with you. 
Very best regards 
Bob P. 
Robert Peerless 
OPUS AERONAUTICS 
Le Prince de Galles 
10, Avenue Grande Bretagne 
MC-98000 Monaco 
email: 
Phon 
Direc 
Fax: 
Cell: 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00664359
--- PAGE 4 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664360

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664361.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" < 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 13 Apr 2015 16:06:18 +0000 
bips and cutting off 
Ariane de Rothschild 
Le 13 avr. 2015 a 19:45, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
now fine 
On Mon, Apr 13, 2015 at 11:24 AM, A. de Rothschild ..tj 
> wrote: 
Ok will call 
Ariane de Rothschild 
Le 13 avr. 2015 a 15:20, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
at 8 pm your time i can be reached at 340 775 2525 
On Mon, Apr 13, 2015 at 1:26 AM, A. de Rothschild < 
> wrote: 
I have to take the girls to dive. Will be back this afternoon 
Ariane de Rothschild 
Le 13 avr. 2015 a 08:28, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> a &fit : 
i can come to geneve or paris next week when you return , 
On Sun, Apr 12, 2015 at 11:35 PM, A. de Rothschild <I 
l> wrote: 
I need your help. B : out of control,inverting situation and totally paranoiac.( crying on the phone to 
Mimi saying how much i mistreat him ) Doesn t want to see anybody except fat lawyer who is 
abusing his weakness and going along. 
I return to gva saturday mrng. 
Ariane de Rothschild 
Le 12 avr. 2015 a 03:19, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> a ecrit : 
plans? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00664361
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00664362
--- PAGE 3 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664363

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664364.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664364.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: LinkedIn Updates <messages-noreply®Iinkedin.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Check out Xenia Tchoumitcheva's new photo 
Date: Thu, 18 Jun 2015 18:50:14 +0000 
Jeffrey Epstein I Settings 
What are your connections up to? 
See all updates 
Xenia 
Tchoumitcheva 
Xenia Tchoumitcheva has an updated profile picture. 
View profile 
What Your Network is Saying 
and 
ard L. 
Sandor 
RJoich 
i Ito 
Richard L. Sandor published 
Rimage for 
Proclamation... 
Proclamation Presented to Mark Ruffalo 
Presentation to Mark Ruffalo by Richard Sandor commending 
his artistic and environmental contributions.To view full video, 
please see: https://youtu.beighXswelb42E 
Like • Comment 
Jolchl Ito shared an article 
;image for 
Opportunities I MIT Media Lab 
Opportunities The Media Lab provides an exciting, intellectually stimulating and 
I MIT... 
informal work environment, ideal for people that want to live, work, 
and study at the cutting edge. 
Like • Comment 
People You May Know 
Valerie Bleus 
nina zagat 
IValeri 
Inina 
e Bleus CEO at Stellar Cosmeceuticals 
Connect 
zagat 
Connect 
EFTA00664364
--- PAGE 2 ---
Owner of 
Connect 
New Connections 
wipecky 
Fatemi 
Wpierre-
Franc 
ois 
Lemute 
,Georg 
e 
Church 
w, ,Kasan 
dra 
Smith 
Dana 
Khalaf 
Evan 
Barr 
Becky Fatemi has 5 new connections 
jiNiclIRSte 
Na 
c 
Ale 
De 
k 
fan 
dia
bo 
publisher and entrepreneur 
Connect 
Plerre-Francols Lepoutre has 2 new connections 
R.losep 1 George Church is now connected to Joseph Thakuria 
h 
Thakuria 
Wpavid 
Miles 
Kasandra Smith is now connected to David Miles 
Dana Khalaf has 3 new connections 
2Mu 
ha 
jSh 
am 
gpa 
nis 
Evan Barr has 5 new connections 
P Ca 
' the 
Endorsements 
R,Bruc 
e White 
RGadd 
Cardini 
r
ise 
;Na
Le
E;;;Ro 
uit II  
thaii nd 
ber 
Bruce White was endorsed by 2 people for Yachting, Event Management, Marketing 
Strategy, Customer Service 
RHe 
do 
jke 
nn 
Endorse Bruce White 
Gaddo Cardin! was endorsed by 2 people for Marketing Strategy, Business 
Strategy, Management 
Rmi 
ch 
Mi 
ch 
Endorse Gaddo Cardini 
EFTA00664365
--- PAGE 3 ---
RIBruc 
e Lyons 
Bruce Lyons was endorsed by John Topsnoop for Trial Practice 
Endorse Bruce Lyons 
Unsubscribe 
See all updates 
You n,r, roce.viro Ne.!Aryk 
D 
sva Is. Unsubscnbe. 
T.: . 
.1 :L 
I
' 
E • 
. . 
Learn why we included this. 
It ycJ reco assis:a.ice or have questi; Ols {Avast: contact Linkedln Customer Service 
© 2015. unkedln Corporation. 2029 Stiedin Ct. Mountain View. CA94043. USA 
EFTA00664366

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664367.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L." 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 11 Jan 2017 21:43:59 , 0000 
5:00 weds? 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 4:24 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Subject: Re: 
ny 
On Wed, Jan 11, 2017 at 4:13 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
> wrote: 
Hil Tried you from BVI and last week. In Florida @ strategic planning mtgs, then to dxb for mtgs til Tues. 
Where r u latter part of next week? 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 3:42 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
new york? im here, ayh ? timing? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or 
protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you 
EFTA00664367
--- PAGE 2 ---
have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. 
Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification 
of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA00664368

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664369.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MINIII
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Leon Botstein 
Date: Wed, 11 Jan 2017 21:38:43 +0000 
Leon Botstein hopes to give you a call back tonight around 6:30-7pm...he will call on the office line (which 
rings on the STAFF 2nd line) 
ice 
n's home 
n's cell 
EFTA00664369

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664370.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Deepak Chopra
To: Jeff Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Fw: (Ee3 zembi) 
Date: Wed, 11 Jan 2017 21:17:27 +0000 
Attachments: OutlookEmoji-1478302741070_PastedGraphic-1.tiff 
Inline-Images: OutlookEmoji-1483997936424_email-signature-plainjpgjpg 
YOU GOD UNIVERSE ALL ONE 
2013 Costa Del Mar Road 
Carlsbad, CA 92009 
Chopra Foundation 
Jiyo 
Chopra Center for Wellbeing 
2,1483997936424_email-signature-plainjpg 
discoveringyourcosmicself.com 
From: Mmumna TamaHa <tatyamishina@yandex.ru> 
Sent: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 3:05 PM 
To: Deepak Chopra 
Subject: (Sea rembi) 
Dear Deepak! 
I am grateful to God, the Universe, and Jeffrey for being acquainted with you. It is a great honor for me. I am 
very interested in your philosophy of life. I understand that it is based on the laws of the Universe. Now I read 
your book "The Path to Love". I am admired of this remarkable book. Thank you very much for your kind words 
about my daughter. 
With deep and sincere respect, Tatiana 
EFTA00664370

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664371.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L."  
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 11 Jan 2017 21:13:09 +0000 
Hi! Tried you from BVI and last week. In Florida @ strategic planning mtgs, then to dxb for mtgs til Tues. Where r 
u latter part of next week? 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 3:42 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject:
new york? im here, ayh ? timing? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA00664371

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664372.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicholas Ribis 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <JEEvacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2017 13:36:16 +0000 
Please call me in an hour- thanks 
Sent front my i Phone 
EFTA00664372

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664373.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2017 13:15:28 +0000 
Meeting 
now. Could Facetime When we are together (will talk to her first for about 20 min) 
EFTA00664373

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664374.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664374.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2017 12:33:55 +0000 
Sounds good 
This message is directed to and is for the use of the above-noted addressee only, and its contents may be legally 
privileged or confidential. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that 
any distribution, dissemination, or copy of this message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message 
in error, please delete it immediately and notify the sender. This message is not intended to be an electronic 
signature nor to constitute an agreement of any kind under applicable law unless otherwise expressly indicated 
hereon. 
On Aug 17, 2017, at 8:12 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
1130? 
On Thu, Aug 17, 2017 at 8:06 AM 
> wrote: 
Today is good. I'm free now until about 2pm. Have to be in soho by 2:30pm. What time is good? 
This message is directed to and is for the use of the above-noted addressee only, and its contents may be 
legally privileged or confidential. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any distribution, dissemination, or copy of this message is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please delete it immediately and notify the sender. This message is not 
intended to be an electronic signature nor to constitute an agreement of any kind under applicable law unless 
otherwise expressly indicated hereon. 
On Aug 17, 2017, at 7:08 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
would you like to come by today? tomrow? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00664374
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664375

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664376.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates aa> 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: RE: RE: 
Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2017 12:25:46 +0000 
> The 14.6M is non-recourse and consists primarily of amounts due to models, trade payables, taxes payable and 
accrued expenses 
>>> 
>>> the kl show recourse debt in the amount of 14.6 million who is that owed to 
>>> 
>>> 
EFTA00664376

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664377.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 04 Oct 2017 22:01:26 +0000 
Central Park with the drums ;) 
On 4 on. 2017 r., at 23:51, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
anything wanted from new york? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664377

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664378.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 04 Oct 2017 21:30:50 +0000 
got it,.. 
On Oct 4, 2017, at 5:27 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
forget it , I wont go. and will go to paris monday morning instead. thx. tell chomsky hurricane issues. . 
On Wed, Oct 4, 2017 at 5:25 PM, Lesley Groff .MIElla 
wrote: 
Danny Hillis...he is around and trying to sort out his schedule for Sunday...below from his assistant, Alice. 
(Seth and Joi are both away) 
Done. He is still trying to sort out his schedule for Sunday. We're trying to land a couple of other 
things. 
Back to you soonest. 
Thx, Alice 
On Oct 4, 2017, at 5:23 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacationlygmail.com> wrote: 
is it only chonsky and martin? on sunday? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00664378
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664379

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664380.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 04 Oct 2017 21:25:30 +0000 
Danny Hillis...he is around and trying to sort out his schedule for Sunday...below from his assistant, Alice. 
(Seth and Joi are both away) 
Done. He is still trying to sort out his schedule for Sunday. We're trying to land a couple of other 
things. 
Back to you soonest. 
Thx, Alice 
On Oct 4, 2017, at 5:23 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
is it only chonsky and martin? on sunday? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664380

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664381.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski 
To: Je vacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Customs 
Date: Wed, 04 Oct 2017 20:46:18 +0000 
Jeffrey, St Thomas Customs will preclear only in main terminal we have to be in the door at 3:30 PM North ramp 
was damaged and flooded 
Should I set up Customs in Islip New York or preclear and St Thomas? 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent from my iPhonc 
EFTA00664381

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664382.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicholas Ribis 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <JEEvacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 04 Oct 2017 20:45:48 +0000 
Please call 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664382

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664383.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: You have a quote from Palmco: HBRK Associates Rich 10/4 Coconut Clearance 
Date: Wed, 04 Oct 2017 20:40:01 +0000 
Attachments: HBRK_Associates_Rich_10_4_Coconut_Clearance_VI.pdf 
we can pick rows of trees for 450 per tree or each individual tree at 650 
quote was sent arbitrarily by vendor and i have not negotiated but a good starting point if you like trees... 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Matt McGraw < 
Subject: You have a quote from Palmco: HBRK Associates Rich 10/4 Coconut Clearance 
Date: October 4, 2017 at 4:33:49 PM EDT 
To: ' 
✓9 
Hello Rich, 
I have attached a copy of a quote on the coconuts for you. I sent some 
photos from my phone earlier today. As we discussed. I have more 
demand for the smaller coconuts than I have coconuts right now. I have 
large quantities of larger 21-26'GW coconuts that we want to move so that 
we can replant our fields. If you can take row run quantities of the larger 
coconuts so that we can clear beds we will do them at $450 each. If you 
want to tag them individually in the block we want to clear they will be 
$650 each. I think you will find that all the trees are quite similar and that 
the bed run is the best deal. 
We also have the ability to dig large quantities quickly and are very familiar 
with Tropical shipping. 
EFTA00664383
--- PAGE 2 ---
You will need to provide tarps for Tropical shipping containers and we have 
found that the most cost effective way for you to do that is to buy a large 
roll of shade cloth and ship it to us. We will cut the necessary length for 
the containers and tarp the loads for you. We can assist you with the local 
contacts for the shade cloth or even purchase that for you. 
Please let me know if you have any questions and please feel free to 
come out and visit the farm. 
Don't forget to order Diehard Root Reviver Products! 
Best Regards, 
MattMcGraw 
Palmco Customer Service Associate 
PO Box 2198 
Pineland, FL 33922 
Office: 239-283-1329 
Fax: 239-283-4594 
EFTA00664384

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664385.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <I
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Dec 2015 14:34:33 +0000 
So what did they do ?! 
I giovedi 3 dicembre 2015, jeffrey E. 
ha scritto: 
agreed 
On Thu, Dec 3, 2015 at 9:33 AM, 
There are too many girls giving blowjobs... 
I giovedi 3 dicembre 2015, jeffrey E. < 
ha scritto: 
no 
On Thu, Dec 3, 2015 at 9:29 AM, 
The father paid the agency. 
I giovedi 3 dicembre 2015, jeffrey E. < 
> ha scritto: 
you know 
wrote: 
wrote: 
On Thu, Dec 3, 2015 at 8:33 AM, 
> wrote: 
How did the Hadid sisters became models and make so much money ?! I don't understand... 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
SEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00664385
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
EFTA00664386
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
and 
EFTA00664387

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664388.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern <EIMINI=> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 20 Nov 2015 03:26:22 +0000 
Our dinner tonight..... 
wAtA4-44%* 
E*S4cM** 
Kung Fu Soup With Caterpillar Fungus (5Pcs) 
rPitiligkaV 
il8M. 
f 1. WIII/61. Mt±Efil 
Roasted Goose ,Braised Beef With Sauce „Cold Cucumber Salad With Sauce ,Cold Shredded Potatoes, 
Chinese Appetizer (4 Kinds) 
tit/14.* 
0461P4-fficniti:150E1011, 
Selected Superior Beef With Honey Melon 
Braised Sea Cucumber With Onions 
Steamed Prawns In Egg With Stir-Fried Minced Prawns Tart By Side 
Shredded Salt Baked Chicken 
EFTA00664388
--- PAGE 2 ---
粗粮煮花胶粒 
Boiled Fish Maw With Food Grain 
清蒸苏眉 
Steamed Bellow Fish 
上汤辣椒叶 
Pepper Leaf Soup 
冰糖烩官燕 
Braised Bird's Nest With Rock Candy 
Matsutake Mushroom Salad 
星斑球野菌汤 
Wild Mushroom Soup With Coral Grouper 
中式前菜4款 
卤水鹅亦、上海醉鱼、香醋云耳、清爽藕片 
Marinated Goose Feet ,Preserved Dried Drunk Fish ,Black Fungus 
堂煎安格斯牛扒 
Fried Angus Steak 
黎作阿拉斯加蟹 
Stir-fried Alaska Crab With Bean Sprout and Egg White 
EFTA00664389
--- PAGE 3 ---
fOrdregi.4 
Roasted Crispy Chicken 
gatitAwfatoiritzto 
Stir-fried perigord truffle With Osmanthus Clam and Cucumber 
IFIAMM3,4 
Steamed Coral Grouper 
Vegetable Soup (Spinach and Cabbage) 
4SMI*31t1 
Stewed Superior Red Dates With Lotus Seed 
Safl.±04 
Cheese Cake With Cherry 
ffl
Noodle Soup With Sauce 
WPM 
Superior Fruit Platter 
EFTA00664390

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664391.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nina K.
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 28 Oct 2015 10:00:58 +0000 
Thank you Jeffrey! 
We're very happy about that! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 28, 2015, at 9:46 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
congragulations on vote 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664391

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664392.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nina K.
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 14 Oct 2015 11:11:03 +0000 
Hello Jeffrey. 
I'll call you in 20min 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 14, 2015, at 11:08 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
? 212 772 9416 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664392

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664393.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: G Maxwell < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Attorney Privileged Communication - subject to mutual interest privilege [IWOV-
Matters.FID7827O2] 
Date: Sat, 10 Oct 2O15 15:57:31 +0000 
I know that ..NY law is different I believe allows for someone in NY to have the 
right to reply 
Also it is of course interesting that the statements were not made in US and fall 
under UK law where the press was the worst.. 
THE TERRAMAR PROJECT' 
From: J Jep 
Date: Saturday, October 10, 2015 at 11:47 AM 
To: G G 
Subject: Re: FW: Attorney Privileged Communication - subject to mutual interest privilege [IWOV-
Matters.FID782702j 
thecase said that hte state where the plaintiff resides is the issue. not new york 
On Sat, Oct 10, 2015 at 11:4o AM, G Maxwell < 
> wrote: 
Received your communications. 
I have done some research, and having read the Judge's ruling in the Cosby 
case, and found what I though may be pertinent to mine 
In the judge's ruling in the Cosby case states "The court recognizes that some 
jurisdictions do apply a version of the conditional self-defense privilege, which 
allows individuals, in certain circumstances, to publish defamatory responsive 
statements necessary to defend their reputation." 
NY law differs from Mass law and hence I attached a paper I found and read 
that I thought had valid arguments for my case 
please note 
EFTA00664393
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664394

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664395.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 09 Nov 2015 04:47:17 +0000 
? most rawlin kruger port masco,merrill 
terje, jagland, wahled, Karim, outarra, lang, churkin, sergey,ehud, ariane , ruemmler,( beth wilson, lisa , brennan 
) reid, bottstein ken stan, jay lefkowitz, roy, shaher, antoine fekkai, crowe bill bums. 
thiel hoffman, melz sinofsky, boris, bill. brock, austin, joi , 
neri, john brockman , chomsky, kaross, church, martin, yau, gromov. nathan 
NERI-
farkas, steve, joe, leon, mort, david, anthony 
ATTIA 
woody, fisch e 
eva, 
ghislaine 
j 
ca in o, mar c pac cer, enny 
heidiholter mort, wexner, dersh, guy, wexner glenn 
call gwen , venezeula francisco 
jabor, sultan, david stem josh ramo. 
washington bard packer woody, saba, st bans. 
great st james, dersh mediation, ghislane vr, wolff. herman patty glazer , jean luc, jen doyle. APIS ? STaff, 
louella janus, lynn, island. 
transformer , trees, equipment GSJ. , zorro roof ,windows, water , garden, ROADS. during back surgery, 
nautical sports, nicky lunch box , SIMON. car kits, shoes redford. gotham award.mark Boyd 
meeting with boies and VR, call Kevin and ask about sultan Full money at merchant? chris letter to sex 
offender new york appeal depo? letter to judge, never saw list until after in jail. chomsky island.? groom ? 
hillis mart. michaela tv, nasty dollars. eva house head. 
Pinto Lang ramo shum, nicole. air conditioning,gromov bio. cynthia ariane, gianii, wendy ass. eduardo . 
tancredi, olivier , decoratr( lisa cohen) ambulance speak KODESH KORESH 
Investment, bonds , jpm. guests in decemebr.? neri, martin, sarah? 
EFTA00664395

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664396.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein •t:
III
> 
Subject: Toefl score 
Date: Wed, 23 Sep 2015 17:07:16 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 6608.JPG 
EFTA00664396

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664397.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Mitchell. 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 29 Nov 2015 20:59:08 +0000 
Happy Thanksgiving 
Hope it was great 
Hope to see you later this week, 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
801 Madison Avenue 
New York NY 10065 
USA 
1212-486-4444 
EFTA00664397

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664398.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Gregory Riches
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Artefacto 
Date: Mon, 26 Jan 2015 21:39:34 +0000 
The only other possibility is 
because s 
• 
heat 
floor and it could be delivered there. 
We could then use the sofa that was delivered t 
in 
apartment when it is finished since that is the 
sofa she wants. 
On Jan 26, 2015, at 4:01 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
can 3m sofa go anywhere else beside 
On Sat, Jan 24, 2015 at 6:20 PM, Gregory Riches < 
> wrote: 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Sony to bother you with this but we have a issue with Artefacto that I feel you need to be abreast of. 
Yesterday the delivery company was able to deliver two sofas, one to I0F and 2G in the elevator as I 
suspected was possible originally but the deliver company insisted they wouldn't fit. 
They also delivered a mirror to 3M which is the wrong color which they will have to be picked up at another 
time because the packing that it came in was destroyed. They need to come back with new packing material 
because it's a mirror. 
The only remaining piece in this delivery was a Jenson sofa for 3M. The original idea, which we spoke about 
back in November was for this to be delivered to 3M and the sofa there was to go to 11J. 
does not 
want to give up her existing sofa so I tried to have that delivered to 11J as an alternative but there is a beam 
obstruction in the stairwell between the 5th and 6th floor that does not allow this to happen and it does not fit 
into the elevator. I wanted them to attempt to deliver this to yesterday but 
insisted that we wait until 
she spoke to you. 
Arttefacto would normally charge a 25% restocking fee but I just spoke to Eduardo just now to clarify and he 
said he would talk to the manager, Rosana to wave the fee but we would most likely have to pay the shipping 
charge. He will let me know on Monday. 
Should we return the sofa or try to deliver it to 3M when they pick up the mirror? 
Please advise. 
Thanks, 
Gregory 
Gregory Riches 
INTERIORS 
West 28th #3 
NYC. NY 10001 
EFTA00664398
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Gregory Riches 
INTERIORS 
West 28th #3 
NYC NY 10001 
EFTA00664399

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664400.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joshua Cooper Ramo < 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 19 Feb 2016 14:12:23 +0000 
That would be great. What time is best for you? 
On Fri, Feb 19, 2016 at 6:51 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gran> wrote: 
talk today? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664400

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664401.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: in
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 30 May 2016 13:40:33 +0000 
Valdson said Mel called to put her luggage into your storage. Ok? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00664401

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664402.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MIEll
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Leon Botstein 
Date: Thu, 03 Dec 2015 15:30:06 +0000 
Catherine from Leon's office is asking if you could see Leon either late tonight (like 9pm), early tomorrow at 
8am or late tomorrow night around 9/930pm 
Please advise if any of these options you would like to do! 
Today: 
11:00am Appt w/Terje 
12:00pm Meeting with Brad Wechsler at Elysium 
JOJO TO DRIVE YOU 
3:15pm Appt w/Larty Delson 
3:30pm Appt w/Leon Black 
3:30pm Appt w/Kevin Law 
Fri. Dec. 4,  2015 NY 
9:00ant BREAKFAST w/Ehud (011972506286600) 
11:00am Appt w/Pitaly Churkin 
2:15pm Appt w/AI firm Lutmn 
3:00pm Appt w/Michael Wola 
EFTA00664402
--- PAGE 2 ---
TBD Go to MET la 
TBD Go for Shoe ReFitting 
EFTA00664403

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664404.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 03 Dec 2015 15:27:18 +0000 
On conference call 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 3, 2015, at 10:24 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
212 772 9416 
On Thu, Dec 3, 2015 at 10:19 AM, 
Tiny bit better... 
Wants to give me steroids 
Sent from my iPhone 
wrote: 
On Dec 3, 2015, at 9:43 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
you ok? what did the foot guy say 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00664404
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664405

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664406.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 19 Feb 2016 14:04:32 +0000 
Waiting for her response! 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
On Feb 19, 2016, at 5:03 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ask johan for her schedule today 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664406

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664407.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Daphne Wallace 
Cc: ann rodriquez 
Subject: Re: Landscaping Order - December 2, 2015 
Date: Wed, 02 Dec 2015 17:43:49 +0000 
ok to pay 
anna going forward please wait until you have all info below before seeking jee approval as there is almost 2,200 
of costs he was not made aware of.. 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax
cell
> On Dec 2, 2015, at 12:40 PM, Daphne Wallace <
Ella> 
wrote: 
> Greetings Rich, 
> For payment via AMEX: $9,459.05 
> SiteOne Landscape Supply (John Deere Landscapes) - Quote 66585945, requested by Chris 11/12, approved 
by JE 12/1 
> Estimated Tropical Shipping charges: $1,649.98 
> Estimated Custom duties, not to exceed: $567.54 
> The vendors are still researching the Country of Origin of the products - estimate based on all of the products 
being foreign made 
> Clearance fees: $65.00 
> Please advise, DW 
> <SiteOne Landscape Supply Order # 66585945.pdf> 
EFTA00664407

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664408.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: AC - Fwd: Proposition d'honoraires traduite - Dossier 150372 
Date: The, 01 Dec 2015 18:39:56 +0000 
Attachments: 150372_Proposition_d'honoraires_traduite.pdf 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: ALTERNET <alternetPalternet-consulting corn> 
Date: December I. 2015 at 1 1:21:33 AM EST 
To: EPSTEIN 
Cc: Alain Gou'on 
Subject: Proposition d'honoraires traduite - Dossier 150372 
Dossier N° 150372 / 
avenue Foch - audit cvc 
>, Agnes Adde 
Affaire suive par Agnes ADDE 
Monsieur, 
Nous vous prions de bien vouloir trouver ci-joint, notre proposition d'honoraires relative a l'operation citee en 
objet. 
Vous en souhaitant bonne reception, 
Nous vous prions d'agreer, Monsieur, ('expression de nos salutations distinguees. 
Bruno VERRON 
Fichier lie ce message : 
- 150372 Proposition d'honoraires traduite.pdf 
EFTA00664408

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664409.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664409.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Gregory Brown < 
To: undisclosed-recipients:; 
Bcc: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Fwd: Happy Holidays 
Date: Wed, 24 Dec 2014 22:14:47 +0000 
Inline-Images: happyholidays20121.jpg 
Dear Friend.... 
G. 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Gregory Brown 
Chairman & CEO 
GlobalCau Partners, LLC 
EFTA00664409

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664410.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Heather assistant to Benny Shabtai <paperlesspost@paperlesspost.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Update: Stacey & Benny Shabtai Wedding - Mailing addresses 
Date: Wed, 07 Jan 2015 18:48:04 +0000 
Greetings for the New Year! 
I am following up from the Save the Date if you can please provide your full name, mailing 
address and contact number. 
Thank you, 
Heather DelGaldo 
Assistant to Benny Shabtai 
732-742-7304 
Event invitation 
STACEY & BENNY SHABTAI WEDDING SAVE TILE DATE 
View card 
View Guest List 
For the best Paperless Post experience, add paperlesspost@paperlesspost.com to your address book to 
ensure you receive all cards and invitations in your inbox. Click here to stop receiving emails from 
Paperless Post including invitations and cards. Leant more about our privacy policy. 
2,Paper 
less Post 
EFTA00664410

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664411.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Where are you? 
Date: Fri, 29 Apr 2016 11:29:16 +0000 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
EFTA00664411

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664412.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: schedule 
Date: Wed, 13 Jul 2016 16:41:47 +0000 
Thx for updated schedule. 
I'll use Dave tomorrow to STT,. Then send Dave home via airlines. 
I'd like to use Bill Hammond for 21st thru 24th trips„ 
Then I'll use Dave for Paris trip on the 27th. 
Is this ok with you? 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 13, 2016, at 12:26 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
14th to lsj 21 st to new york 22 cambridge 23 montreal 24 new york 27th paris 3rd new york 5th zorro. . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664412

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664413.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Linda Pinto"
To: "'Jeffrey E."' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 28 Oct 2015 09:42:55 +0000 
OK YOU LET ME KNOW 
Linda PINTO 
Cabinet Alberto Pinto 
rue d'Aboukir 
75002 Paris 
T: (33-1) 40.13.00.00 
F: (33-1) 40.13.76.42 
De : jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Envoye : mercredi 28 octobre 2015 10:42 
A: Linda PINTO 
Objet : Re: 
next week 
On Wed, Oct 28, 2015 at 5:40 AM, Linda Pinto < 
> wrote: 
SUPER SHE IS VERY NICE 
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO PARIS ? 
Linda PINTO 
Cabinet Alberto Pinto 
rue d'Aboukir 
75002 Paris 
T: (33-1) 40.13.00.00 
F: (33-1) 40.13.76.42 
De : jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@xmail.com]
Envoye : mardi 27 octobre 2015 21:29 
A : Linda PINTO 
Objet : 
lisa cohen loved my apt 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00664413
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664414

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664415.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stem .T:1 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 19 Feb 2016 13:56:17 +0000 
Stefan Krause 
On 19 Feb 2016, at 13:44, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
212 772 9416 
On Fri, Feb 19, 2016 at 8:43 AM, David Stem  
 wrote: 
I call you now ? 
On 19 Feb 2016, at 13:39, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.corn> wrote: 
news? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00664415
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664416

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664417.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild"
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 15 Sep 2014 05:16:33 +0000 
Yes. Heart-broken to leave Noemie alone and thrilled to see the other 3. I fly to luxembourg today for the I board 
, torn Paris then back 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 15 sept. 2014, at 02:08, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
did you get home safe? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664417

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664418.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 13 Sep 2014 15:47:45 +0000 
A man of few words 
Sent from my iPad 
On Sep 13, 2014, at 11:23 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grrtn> wrote: 
no, yes 
On Sat, Sep 13, 2014 at 11:12 AM, Faith Kates < 
> wrote: 
Are you buying a table for 
event dec 3rd? Other wise I am going to buy tickets they are honoring great 
friends of ours 
Are you in NYC this weekend??? 
Sent from my iPad 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664418

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664419.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Martin Nowak 
To: JE NY <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 10 Oct 2014 21:36:57 +0000 
jeffrey 
i have some update on the space issue. 
FAS (=faculty of arts and sciences) is on our side. 
there will be a meeting of administrators of FAS 
and Kennedy school next tuesday. 
may i call you? 
EFTA00664419

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664420.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: soon yi previn
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 13 Sep 2014 16:00:48 +0000 
Sounds like fun. Thanks for the heads up. I will start getting my questions ready;). 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone 
On Sep 13, 2014, at 10:47 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
tonites guest 
kathy ruemmler. former lawyer at the white house for Obama, 
she also prosecuted the Enron 
case and put guys in jail for 25 years. . Peter Thiel will also join. he isone of the founders of facebook. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664420

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664421.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 27 Oct 2014 21:03:27 +0000 
Yes. Which nber? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 27 oct. 2014, at 20:18, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
speak? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664421

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664422.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664422.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 10 Oct 2014 22:11:36 +0000 
Spent some time with 
I like her a lot. I think she could be my new girl. Meeting her tmw morning 
before my flight 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664422

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664423.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "COLOM, Olivier" <
> 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 28 Oct 2014 16:16:04 +0000 
Many thanks again. Grateful to you. 
Finally I asked my wife to leave asap in November...can't stand her any longer 
De: jeffrey E. 
Envoyé: lundi 27 octobre 2014 17:29 
À: COLOM, Olivier 
Objet: 
evrything ok? jojo is at your disposal for your entire trip. enjoy 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.conailto:jeevacation®gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention exclusive des destinataires prévus 
par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de ce message, nous vous remercions de le détruire 
immédiatement et d'en avertir l'expéditeur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son intégrité ne peut être assurée. 
Edmond de Rothschild (France) ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou omissions contenues dans ce 
message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un engagement de Edmond de Rothschild (France), sous réserve 
de tout accord par écrit entre vous et Edmond de Rothschild (France). Conformément à la Loi Informatique et 
Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute personne a le droit 
d'interroger Edmond de Rothschild (France) en vue de savoir si les traitements automatisés dont il dispose 
contiennent des informations nominatives la concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
EFTA00664423

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664424.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664424.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brock Pierce <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Larry Summers 
Date: Tue, 28 Oct 2014 16:34:33 +0000 
I'd love to get him involved with Noble Markets (the NASDAQ digital currency exchange) and Tether. Will get 
you info on both. See link: 
http://www.coindesk.corniformer-sec-chair-takes-advisory-roles-bitpay-vaururn/ 
Best regards, 
Brock Pierce 
Managing Partner - Crypto Currency Partners 
Mobile: 
Skype: 
E: 
W: 
Follow me on twitter 
Co-invest with me 
Linkedin: 
IMPORTANT NOTICE: This message is intended only for the use of the 
individual or entity to which it is addressed, and may contain information 
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable 
law. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the 
employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified. 
EFTA00664424

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664425.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joscha Bach S 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 17 Oct 2014 19:49:21 +0000 
As far as I know, yes, I can only work for MIT. 
> can you only work for mit. ? can you consult. ? 
> On Thu, Oct 16, 2014 at 11:42 PM, Joscha Bach c 
wrote: 
> Thank you for caring! 
> As far as I know, there are no real restrictions on the visa, except when changing the salary mid-term (I get a 
new one starting from April). Even then, it is just red tape. I gather that the real issue seems to be about HR 
policies at the MIT. If the salary gets unusually high for a research scientist, this may attract scrutinity from 
higher up. 
> Generally, it would be good if the Media Lab is convinced that funding will happen in the year afterwards, too, 
because they won't extend my visa beyond the funded period. Applying for a new one takes a lot of jumping 
through hoops, and also means flying the whole family to the consulate in Berlin. 
> Cheers, 
> Joscha 
> > Am 14.10.2014 um 05:59 schrieb Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>: 
> > I am aware we have to find a solution that gives you longer term security. I need to know your visa 
restrictions. ( not really an issue, only a consideration). 
» 
» 
please note 
> > The information contained in this communication is 
>> 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
>> 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> > the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
>>JEE 
> > Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> > communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
>> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
>> 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
>> 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> > destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> > including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> 
EFTA00664425
--- PAGE 2 ---
> please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664426

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664427.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peter Thiel <a 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 27 Oct 2014 22:03:26 +0000 
Both longer discussions... 
I would hold off on doing anything in Spotify at $5B. There is some upside (especially in an M&A scenario), but 
I'm not convinced it's a great risk/reward. Risks include: Apple launching new products here, record labels being 
tougher on contract renegotiations, etc. 
Somewhat more bullish on Palantir, but I think there is no need to rush. We can discuss later in person. 
On Oct 27, 2014, at 2:55 PM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.conailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>> wrote: 
Im being offered 100 million of spotify at 5 b valuation? thoughts? palentir? thoughts? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.conailto:jeevacation®gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664427

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664428.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Paul Morris 
Date: Tue, 28 Oct 2014 16:46:44 +0000 
Nov. 8th and 9th is Sat. and Sun...Paul says he is around and that would be fine...but he just wanted to double 
check... 
On Oct 28, 2014, at 11:19 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
8, 9 th 
On Tue, Oct 28, 2014 at 10:57 AM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
FYI-Paul Morris is asking if you are in NY this week.... 
(212) 454-0701 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664428

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664429.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664429.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Perry Lemer/Barry Cohen 
Date: Mon, 27 Oct 2014 22:07:25 +0000 
He works for Crown Global Insurance Group. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 27, 2014, at 5:32 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
remind me, is this the insureance guy? 
On Mon, Oct 27, 2014 at 4:22 PM, 
wrote: 
Perry Lerner, who Barry Cohen recommended you meet, would like to get on your calendar for the week of 
Nov. 5th now if possible...Would you like to schedule Perry Lerner (and possibly Barry Cohen too if he is 
available) for Nov. 5,6 or 7? 
Perry Lerner: 
(assistant is Tamara) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664429

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664430.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Vincenzo Iozzo alEIM> 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: some context on the 'Eureka idea' 
Date: Sat, 13 Sep 2014 16:51:51 +0000 
Just to give you some context on the rationale behind the Eureka idea. A couple of weeks ago I was in the "let's 
throw spaghetti at the wall and see what sticks" phase and I came up with an idea, 
with the huge drawback that it needed govts to back it. So I put that in a "Joi&Vincenzo" drawer for a while. 
Now the "Eureka" part is essentially the first stage/"Trojan Horse" to get companies to use a digital currency of 
our choice, but the end game would be the one below (I've hinted at this in that email). 
Also note that the part about pension funds might be completely off, but that doesn't matter too much. It was just 
me trying to fix too many problems at once I think 
Final note: Danny Hillis (not sure if you know who he is - among other things he sold Freebase to Google and 
did a lot of work on the first gen AI) apparently told Joi the same exact idea 2 days ago. So at least 1 guy doesn't 
think I'm crazy :P 
As usual, if you have time to read it and you have thoughts that would be great. I think this is all coming together 
Thanks, 
Vincenzo 
Ok, so crazy idea of the day. I haven't thought about the full consequences of this but nothing particularly bad 
comes to mind - which is at least a good start. Let's consider this as a thought experiment and then think about 
the feasibility later (it mostly has to do with govts, but well) 
The way we make money in this is either by maintaining the ledger and verifying both the identities and the 
transactions or we get a cut out of newly minted coins. 
Also this is a 50/50 chance of being either one of the stupidest ideas I've ever had or one of the smartest. 
Now bear with me :-) 
Assumptions 
1) Companies behave like sociopaths, hence are very close to the 'homo economicus' 
2) Interest free loans (or an approximation of them) are a very good thing for govts 
3) Nobody likes basis risk or risk in general 
4) There's a lot of risk associated with FX and all the derivatives traded on top of that 
5) Transparency & better tax evasion detection in the long run trump short-term profit for a govt 
6) Deflationary currencies are bad for the general population (leads to unemployment), neutral for company-to-
company transactions and very good for pension funds 
7) there's a some inefficiency in FX trading - mostly fees for the trading desks 
Market failure 
EFTA00664430
--- PAGE 2 ---
I) Companies have to trade in FX to reduce their risks, this is costly, risky and inefficient 
2) Pension funds promise crazy returns that they cannot really guarantee to people these days 
3) Govt have to issue bonds to get money, bonds have the side effect of not being interest free. They lead to 
speculation and the ability for a country to get more money is based on its rating (which fundamentally causes a 
downward spiral/credit crunch most of the times) 
Idea 
Govts(say G7 or G8) create a digital currency (Xcoin). The digital currency is pegged to the price of oil (or a 
basket of other commodities that are deflationary in nature) - the G8 is in charge of stabilizing it. Pension funds 
can exchange whatever currency 
they have in Xcoins from the govt. Newly acquired Xcoins cannot be converted back into other currencies for I 
year since they were exchanged. 
Companies, only the ones with a market cap of say 500mm, can exchange Xcoins for their currency from 
pension funds (and ONLY from pension funds). 
Companies can use Xcoins for paying taxes (they get a X% tax break), paying services among each others and to 
pay for pension contributions for their employees. 
Pension fund can 'demand' govt to exchange Xcoins (at say a Y% discount) and vice-versa for another currency 
from the govt after the lockin period of 1 year. 
Benefits 
Companies get: 
I) Tax break 
2) Reduced risk&reduced trading costs - ideally they reduce a lot the trading volume on FX desks since they 
don't have to hedge as much 
3) intel on the competition by looking at the ledger and analyzing it 
Govt get: 
I) Interest free loans (which in turns means lower bond emission and a bunch of other things). Essentially money 
become cheaper 
2) More transparency 
3) Less pressure on their own fiat currency as a result of companies trading less there (hopefully) 
Pension funds get: 
Well actually maybe PF can stop existing all together if Xcoins appreciate fast enough. On in other words if: PF 
fee + Xcoins appreciation = target PF return then we solved the retirement problem ;) 
If not, at least they can have a base line return rate 
Who loses? 
I think mostly banks/trading shops and potentially govts if the money they need to stabilize Xcoins is a lot more 
than the money they get from the 'loans' and the non-monetary benefits of transparency and stuff. 
EFTA00664431

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664432.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664432.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Call with Reporty 
Date: Tue, 18 Jul 2017 16:54:50 +0000 
+352621242774 
Or can I call you? 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Dlenstag, 18. Juli 2017 12:13 
To: Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup 
S ubject Re: Call with Reporty 
first i want to speak to you. to hear how you are doing? 
On Tue, Jul 18, 2017 at 6:09 AM, Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup 
> wrote: 
Thank you! 
Sure let's have a call, Jeffrey let me know when it is convenient and my office will set up a conf call number 
Ps: looking forward to read your book :) 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: ehbarak 
Sent: Dienstag, 18. Juli 2017 00:36 
To: jeffrey E. 
Cc: Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup 
Subject: Re: Call with Reporty 
Hi All 
Nicole, Mazal Tov again! 
Let's have a conference call tomorrow. Reason is that things are moving fast. 
Jeff, can you arrange it? 
Fm in Nantucket, writing my book and ready at any hour. Probably evening time EST so that Nicole has it on 
comfortable European time. 
Looking forward 
Best 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 17 Jul 2017, at 6:28, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I agree. the israeli trick of using cyprus to avoid taxes is silly antiquated and dangerous 
On Mon, Jul 17, 2017 at 4:37 AM, Nicole Junkermann I Junkermanngroup 
wrote: 
Dear Ehud, 
EFTA00664432
--- PAGE 2 ---
I hope you are well. Following a call that my team and I had with Amir this week, I would like to raise a couple 
of issues with you. 
The first concerns the advice Amir requested in terms of raising Reporty's next capital round. He explained that 
Reporty is in the process of establishing a number of local subsidiaries around the world to facilitate expansion into 
various territories. Whilst I would probably not have advised this approach and we had some reservations, e.g. 
creation of dual marketing budgets and potential dilution of the Reporty brand, 
Given Reporty has decided to go down this road, I explained that I would strongly advise the company to raise 
capital through these subsidiaries, rather than diluting holdings in the parent company (Reporty HS) itself, for 
example getting Carlo Slim' s company on board in the Latin American subsidiary. 
The second issue we discussed was the location of the local subsidiary for Europe. I understand Amir is currently 
considering Cyprus. 
Cyprus is raising eyebrows so I would propose Luxembourg 
An expansion on this scale is a difficult task but Amir is very efficient. 
Let me know if you want to discuss this pre-board 
Best 
Nicole 
Nicole 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00664433
--- PAGE 3 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664434

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664435.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: [External] Re: Question.... 
Date: Tue, 18 Jul 2017 16:27:42 +0000 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Winters, Bill" < 
Date: 18 July 2017 at 11:30:28 GMT-4 
To: David Stern
Subject: RE: [External] Re: Question.... 
Hi David, 
For all the obvious reasons, we are pretty careful to go about allocating internships and work experiences in a 
proper way (you will have seen the various cases of firms being sanctioned for using internships for children of 
clients as a form of bribery). If you send me a CV I can get it to our HR team and then can process it in an 
appropriate way. 
Perhaps related, m wife knows the ambassador from her work running a theatre in West London where they 
have put on a few 
plays with some help form the embassy. 
Regards, Bill 
Bill Winters 
Group Chief Executive 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Phone: 
Email: 
Address: 9th Floor, 1 Basinghall Avenue, London, EC2V 5DD 
Website: www.sc.com 
Original Message 
From: David Stern [mailto: 
Sent: 15 July 2017 14:31 
To: Winters, Bill
Subject: [External] Re: Question.... 
EFTA00664435
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sorry, for MI disclosure - his mother is 
Ambassador to the UK 
On 15 Jul 2017, at 14:27, David Stem 
Dear Bill, 
I hope you are well and I hope you don't mind me asking... 
wrote: 
The 16-year old son of 
") is looking for a 5 day work experience in the last week 
of August in London. 
Is there something he could do somewhere within the bank? 
Many thanks! 
All the best 
David 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you are not the intended 
recipient, please delete all copies and notify the sender immediately. You may wish to refer to the incorporation 
details of Standard Chartered PLC, Standard Chartered Bank and their subsidiaries at 
https://www.sc.com/en/incorporation-details.html 
EFTA00664436

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664437.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Luria Neuroscience Institute 
To: Dr. Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: New book "Executive Functions in Health and Disease" 
Date: Tue, 18 Jul 2017 16:21:50 +0000 
Dear Dr. Jeffrey Epstein, 
[he Luria Neuroscience Institute is pleased to announce the publication of a 
new book edited by Elkhonon Goldberg, Ph.D., ABPP Executive 
Functions in Health and Disease (Academic Press; 1 edition, July 12, 
2017). 
EFTA00664437
--- PAGE 2 ---
;Li Book Executive Functions in Health and 
Disease 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Part I. EXECUTIVE FUNCTIONS IN HEALTH 
1. Joaquin M. Fuster. Prefrontal Executive Functions Predict and 
Preadapt. 
2. Taber C. Lightbourne and Amy F. T. Arnsten. The Cellular Mechanisms 
of Executive Functions and working memory: Relevance to Mental 
Disorders. 
3. Zeljka Krznik and Goran Sedmak. Gene expression in the frontal lobe. 
4. Adam Hampshire. A functional network perspective on the role of the 
frontal lobes in executive cognition. 
5. Daniel S. Levine. Neural Network Models of Human Executive Function 
and Decision Making. 
6. Seth Lew and Hakwan Lau. Crucial Role of the Prefrontal Cortex in 
Conscious Perception. 
7. Layne Kalbfleisch. Neurodevelopment of Executive Functions. 
8. R. Nathan Spreng, Leena Shoemaker, and Gary R. Turner. Executive 
functions and neurocognitive aging. 
9. Yana Suchi, Madison A. Niermeyer, and Rosemary E. Ziemnik. 
Assessment of Executive Functions in Research. 
Part II. EXECUTIVE FUNCTIONS IN DISEASE 
10. Daniel Weisholtz, John Sullivan, Aaron Nelson, Kirk Daffner, and David 
Silbersweig. Cognitive, Emotional and Behavioral Inflexibility and 
Perseveration in Neuropsychiatric Disease. 
EFTA00664438
--- PAGE 3 ---
11. Melissa-Ann Mackie and Jin Fan. Functional Neuroimaging of Deficits in 
Cognitive Control. 
12. Joao J. Cergueira and Nuno Sousa. Executive function in striatal 
disorders. 
13. Masao Aihara. Neurodevelopmental disorders and the frontal lobes. 
14. Kjell T. Hovik. Executive control and emerging behavior in youth with 
Tourette's Syndrome. 
15. Kjell T. Hovik, Merete Oie, and Elkhonon Goldberg. Inside the triple-
decker: Tourette's syndrome and cerebral hemispheres. 
16. Antonio Verdejo-Garcia. Executive Dysfunction in Addiction. 
17. Sara Wildstein and Silvana Riggio. Seizures of the Frontal Lobes: 
Clinical Presentations and Diagnostic Considerations. 
18. Irene Cristofori and Jordan Grafman. Executive Functions after 
Traumatic Brain Injury: from deficit to recovery. 
19. Michal Harciarek, Emilia J. Sitek, and Anna Barczak. Dementias and 
the frontal lobes. 
20. Jennifer Newman and Charles Marmar. Executive Function in 
Posttraumatic Stress Disorder. 
21. Michal Harciarek and Aleksandra Wojtowicz. Executive dysfunction in 
medical conditions. 
22. Yana Suchi, Rosemary E. Ziemnik, and Madison A. Niermeyer. 
Assessment of Executive Functions in Clinical Settings. 
For more information about the book and to order please visit 
www.amazon.conn/dp/0128036761 
About the Editor 
goldberg.jpg 
Elkhonon Goldberg, Ph.D., ABPP 
Clinical neuropsychologist and cognitive neuroscientist 
His books The Executive Brain, The Wisdom Paradox, and The New 
Executive Brain have been translated into many languages and have met 
with international acclaim. Dr. Goldberg is an active researcher whose 
EFTA00664439
--- PAGE 4 ---
scientific contributions helped advance our understanding of the function and 
dysfunction of the frontal lobes, memory, hemispheric specialization, as well 
as the general principles of functional cortical organization. Dr. Goldberg has 
held a number of academic appointments in the USA and worldwide and is 
currently Clinical Professor in the Department of Neurology at NYU Medical 
School. Dr. Goldberg is a Diplomate in Clinical Neuropsychology and a 
practicing neuropsychologist with many years of wide-ranging clinical 
experience, as well as a sought-after educator who lectures worldwide. He 
has served as Visiting Professor at Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 
University of Sydney and other leading institutions of higher learning. Dr. 
Goldberg is a foreign member of Istituto Veneto, an Italian academy of 
science, literature and the arts; and a recipient of "Tempos Hominis" medal 
for international medical sciences education, and the Copernicus Prize for 
contributions to neuroscience and neuropsychology. Elkhonon Goldberg was 
a student and close associate of Alexandr Luria. He considers it an honor to 
continue and advance Luria's scientific legacy and clinical tradition. 
©2011-16 Luria Neuroscience Institute. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy/Your Privacy Rights 
315 West 57th Street. Ste 401. New York. NY 10019 
+1 800 906 5866 
If you no longer wish to receive these emails. click on the following link: Unsubscnbe 
EFTA00664440

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664441.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Pinterest" 
To: "Jeffrey epstein" <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: 10 Planes Pins you might like 
Date: Mon, 19 Jun 2017 00:40:05 +0000 
New ideas for you in Planes 
We found some Pins we think might be right up your 
alley. 
Save 
Supermarine 349 Spitfire LF5B G-
MKVB / BM597/JH-C (c... 
Save 
Save 
Spitfire. 
Global 6000 for sale. www... 
https... 
EFTA00664441
--- PAGE 2 ---
Save 
Los aviones privados en China 
decorados como si fues... 
Save 
Save 
bombardier global 8000 price I 
Bombardier Global Exp... 
Save 
Plane Interiors 
Save 
Dassault Falcon 2000ex www... 
Spitfire IX 
F. 
EFTA00664442
--- PAGE 3 ---
Private Jet + 
See more Pins 
RPinterest 
572 7th Street • San Francisco CA, 94103 
Help Center • Privacy Policy • Terms & Conditions 
Unsubscribe from this email 
EFTA00664443

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664444.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664444.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jean-Pierre L. Oriol" 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 19 Jun 2017 00:27:22 +0000 
Wed at 10 is no longer available for me, so if tomorrow works for her, that's fine 
JP 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 18, 2017, at 5:14 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
great will let you know tomroww if ok. jp im supposed to go see the commissioner tomorror is it possible to 
see you as well. i 11 have my assistnat coordinate. if not wed 10 ok 
On Sun, Jun 18, 2017 at 2:38 PM, Jean-Pierre Oriol 
vrote: 
I'm available the 20th or 21st from 10-11. Let me know which works for you 
JP 
Sent from Mail for Windows 10 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: Saturday, June 10, 2017 8:31 PM 
To: Jean-Pierre Oriol 
Subject: 
Jp as we should be settled next week can I sit with you the week of the 19th 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00664444
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664445

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664446.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Michael Ross
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: ann rodriquez 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 19 Jun 2017 00:25:06 +0000 
Ok 
Michael Ross 
On Jun 18, 2017, at 7:41 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I wil call when i wake up, no need to wait till i do. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664446

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664447.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Personal assistant job 
Date: Wed, 31 May 2017 19:40:21 +0000 
Attachments: ATT00001.htm; ATT00002.htm; ATT00003.htm; CV_Teresa_Martinotti.pdf; 
ATT00004.htm; imagel.JPG; image2.PNG; image3.JPG 
Dear Jeffrey 
How are you doing ? 
Regarding assistants, I spotted two skinny blond blue eyes 21 years old ladies in Monaco last weekend and asked 
them for CVs. Hopefully they will send me them. 
I pay for advertising the PA job and keep on receiving applications but candidates don't match your strict 
requirements unfortunately. There is a talented lady in horse sports who applied. Her details are below. Should I 
Skype her ? 
Kind regards, 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Teresa Martinotti 
Date: 31 May 2017 at 5:47:54 PM GMT+2 
To:" 
Subject: Personal assistant job 
This is my CV and the three pictures you have requested for the job application. Let me know if you need any reference letters. 
Could I please have more information about this opportunity? 
Looking forward to hear from you. 
Kind regards, 
Teresa Martinotti 
EFTA00664447

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664448.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 Jun 2017 23:31:18 +0000 
000 
I will be back on Tuesday at 7:30 a m 
On Sun, 18 Jun 2017 at 16:20, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
im glad , relax have fun when do you leave? 
On Sun, Jun 18, 2017 at 7:15 PM, 
> wrote: 
We are just tired , it is not our format of enjoying the city ... too exaugsting ... What time is he giving the 
speech ? Me and Vika are going to the cirque de soleil show tonight at 7:00. 
On Sun, 18 Jun 2017 at 15:51, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
he is giving a talk tonight in vegas if you want to go. 
too many drugs? drink ? are you tired 
On Sun, Jun 18, 2017 at 6:36 PM, 
> wrote: 
Hello! Oh, what a coincidence , we are going today to watch some show today , no more festival for us 
Kiss kiss 
On Sun, 18 Jun 2017 at 08:09, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
deepak is in vegas 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Mina 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00664448
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Arina 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
WE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Arina 
EFTA00664449

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664450.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 Jun 2017 23:15:08 +0000 
We are just tired , it is not our format of enjoying the city ... too exaugsting ... What time is he giving the speech 
? Me and Vika are going to the cirque de soleil show tonight at 7:00. 
On Sun, 18 Jun 2017 at 15:51, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
he is giving a talk tonight in vegas if you want to go. 
too many drugs? drink ? are you tired 
On Sun, Jun 18, 2017 at 6:36 PM, 
wrote: 
Hello! Oh, what a coincidence , we are going today to watch some show today , no more festival for us ! 
Kiss kiss 
On Sun, 18 Jun 2017 at 08:09, Jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
deepak is in vegas 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Arina 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
?ulna 
EFTA00664450

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664451.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 Jun 2017 22:36:51 +0000 
Hello! Oh, what a coincidence , we are going today to watch some show today , no more festival for us ! 
Kiss kiss 
On Sun, 18 Jun 2017 at 08:09, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
deepak is in vegas 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Arina 
EFTA00664451

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664452.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664452.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Erik Viirre
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 1100 Eastern 
Date: Sun, 18 Jun 2017 22:23:58 +0000 
330 Eastern? Midday break from patients 
Thanks! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 18, 2017, at 2:58 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
more like 3 beter 
On Sun, Jun 18, 2017 at 5:58 PM, Erik Viirre  
> wrote: 
Monday 
Thanks! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 18, 2017, at 10:22 AM, Jeffrey E. <jea@gmail.com> wrote: 
now? 
On Sun, Jun 18, 2017 at 12:39 PM, Erik Viirre < 
> wrote: 
I was indisposed when you called. 
What time is good for you? 
e 
Erik Viirre M.D. Ph.D 
UCSD Departments of Neurosciences, 
Surgery and Cognitive Sciences 
Arthur C Clarke Center for Human Imagination 
Taubman Endowment for Neurotechnology 
XPRIZE Foundation 
EFTA00664452
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664453

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664454.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 Jun 2017 22:36:03 +0000 
Inline-Images: FullSizeRenderjpg 
Will do. Alisa is friends wirh her, that's my best contact so far. I will find a way to meet her, after tracking her for 
a long time, she is finally single (at least according to her Instagram). 
I don't think she has been working well recently as she has switched to NY models. 
On Sun, Jun 18, 2017 at 6:00 PM jeffrey E. <jeevaeation@gmail.com> wrote: 
work on lada 
On Sun, Jun 18, 2017 at 9:01 AM, 
wrote: 
It went amazing! Even Pen's aunt and brother came over specifically to meet my family! His Mom told my 
Mom that she thinks we make a great couple. His Dad said that We look great together. So I believe I have 
passed the last part of the test and got an "A". At least he won't be able to use his family as an excuse 
EFTA00664454
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664455

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664456.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Pinterest" <pinbotgexplore.pinterest.com> 
To: "Jeffrey epstein" <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Lamborghini aventador, Pocket squares and other topics picked for you 
Date: Sat, 19 Aug 2017 19:39:42 +0000 
New topics you might love 
;:',Lamborgh Lamborghini 
ini aventador aventador 
22k followers 
;]Grey suits Grey suits 
8k followers 
;Style 
fashion 
;.:Fonnal 
dresses 
Style fashion 
48k followers 
;Pocket 
squares 
Pocket squares 
214k followers 
;Wire  wrap Wire wrap 
jewelry 
jewelry 
28k followers 
;Black girls Black girls 
28k followers 
Formal dresses 
17k followers 
fashion 
;]Dairy free Dairy free 
32k followers 
Kids fashion 
186k followers 
Wire wrapping 
wrapping 
18k followers 
;Cucumber Cucumber salad ;Thrift 
salad 
10k followers 
stores 
Thrift stores 
9k followers 
EFTA00664456
--- PAGE 2 ---
Explore more topics 
2,Pinterest 
572 7th Street • San Francisco CA, 94103 
Help Center • Privacy Policy • Terms & Conditions 
Unsubscribe from this email 
EFTA00664457

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664458.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: How To Academy 
To:j <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: An unmissable evening. Slavoj 2ifek & Stephen Grosz (The Examined Life) on Freud, Psychoanalysis 
and much else. 
Date: Thu, 20 Jul 2017 08:45:32 +0000 
to: Slavoj 2iiek & Stephen Grosz 
EFTA00664458
--- PAGE 2 ---
how to: 
Freud Lives! 
Slavoj Ziiek & 
Stephen Grosz in 
Conversation 
with Slavoj Ziiek & 
Stephen Grosz 
5th October 2017 
6:45pm - 8:00pm 
Emmanuel Centre 
9-23 Marsham Street 
London SW1P 3DW 
TICKETS: 
£30.00 Standard 
£15.00 Student 
We are often told that psychoanalysis is dead. Outdated 
scientifically, in that the Freudian model of the mind has 
been superseded by neurobiology; outdated clinically, 
where the talking cure has lost ground to drug treatment 
or behavioural therapy; outdated socially, where the idea 
that we are repressed by the norms of others is no 
longer stocked in today's supermarket of free choices. 
But perhaps the moment of psychoanalysis has only just 
arrived. At a time when we are bombarded on all sides 
by the injunction to 'Enjoy!', it is a unique space in which 
we are released from such pressures. The 
psychoanalytic encounter allows one person to feel alive 
in the mind of another, whatever the consequences. 
Neither a cure nor a cure-all, it changes those who 
experience it, sometimes by helping them to understand 
why they cannot change. 
Slavoj 2i₹ek and Stephen Grosz — a dazzling theorist 
and a renowned practitioner — have urgent stories to tell 
us about ourselves and the present state of our wishes: 
EFTA00664459
--- PAGE 3 ---
the wish for a trouble-free existence, and for therapies 
which can instantly return us to everyday reality, or 
unreality; the wish for science to explain our minds, or 
explain them away... 
Discovering the unconscious at work in psychic life, 
Freud showed that the ego is not master in its own 
house, that we do not know our own minds. This is a 
truth with no sell-by date, and Freud's insights are alive 
today more than ever. 
Qt, Stephen Grosz 
Stephen Grosz is a practicing psychoanalyst - he has 
worked with patients for more than twenty-five years. 
Born in America, he was educated at the University of 
California, Berkeley, and at Oxford University, and now 
lives in London. The Examined Life has been translated 
into more than twenty languages and was longlisted for 
the Guardian First Book Award. 
http://www.stephengrosz.corn 
I 
Slavoj 2i₹ek 
Slavoj 2lielc was bom in Ljubljana, the capital of 
Slovenia, in 1949, and spent his formative years living 
under communism. He is currently International Director 
of the Birkbeck Institute for the Humanities in London 
and is the author of over fifty books, with titles like Enjoy 
Your Symptom!, Welcome to the Desert of the Real, 
Living in the End Times, In Defense of Lost Causes, 
Violence and Trouble in Paradise. 
EFTA00664460
--- PAGE 4 ---
G; 
Copyright @ 2017 How To Academy. All rights reserved. 
You are receiving this email because you opted in our website 
http://howtoacademy.com and indicated you wished to receive news 
about courses and offers. 
Our mailing address is: 
How To Academy 
Aldridge Road Villas 
London. England W11 1BL 
United Kingdom 
Add us to your address book 
how to: unsubscribe I update subscription preferences 
EFTA00664461

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664462.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664462.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: James Tagg
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 20 Jul 2017 06:42:03 +0000 
Roger received your gift but has been very busy travelling (receiving another honorary Degree and to Austria to work on 
one of his theories). Interestingly he has just stepped into the LIGO debate with an explanation as to why they are seeing 
correlated noise — he believes it is dark matter decay. I have promised to go over to his house and show him how to work 
the watch. He will write you a note shortly. I hope you are well. 
James Tagg —The Penrose Institute +44 7408 802016 +1 646 355 1250 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Saturday, July 15, 2017 at 12:50 PM 
To: James Tagg 
Subject: <no subject> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664462

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664463.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664463.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tom Barrack
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 20 Jul 2017 05:13:23 +0000 
In Greece 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 20, 2017, at 12:52 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
dinner with woody allen , richard axel ( noble prize medcine ) new york? tomorw night? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664463

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664464.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664464.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: aziza alahmadi
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 20 Jul 2017 04:40:28 +0000 
You said that l000000000000000000ng time ago . 
Regards, 
Aziza 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 20, 2017, at 1:19 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
https://www.thestreet.comistory/14216180/1/middle-eastern-politics-oil-prices-could-seriously-derail-saudi-
aramco-offering.html?puc=yahoo&cm_ven=YAHOO&yptr=yahoo
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664464

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664465.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664465.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: balerina 
To: jeffrey edwards <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Birthday bells 
Date: Fri, 20 Jan 2017 13:55:27 +0000 
Attachments: ATT00001.txt; IMG_5693.JPG 
Dearest Jeffrey, 
I've started to think of this day few weeks ago, tying to find a right words for this big occation! And when i saw 
You on skype for this short excited moment I realised one thing ...You don't belong to this kind of world we 
know. You live in your own peradise. Your presents , Your being is the happiest I have ever seen on this earth! 
You shine as a billion stars in the sky! Jeffrey, thank You of showing this to us and giving as a chance to know 
that this kind of happinies really exists! 
Happy birthday Dearest Jeffrey!!! 
Sending You Gratitude and Love 
Your Simona 
EFTA00664465

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664466.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664466.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 
12:04:03 +0000 
Your up late 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 
at 12:45 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
agghhhh 
On Fri, 
at 12:23 AM, Faith Kates < 
HB wanted to be the first one to wish you a happy 64!!! 
Xoxo 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664466

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664467.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 08 Apr 2011 19:44:47 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
The black / black is a clone shelby, so not original, crate after market 302 engine, with front disk brakes, real 
driver car, if you like? What's a max, if you want me to go after it? 
Should I fwd to jen ? 
Sent via BlackBerty by AT&T 
EFTA00664467

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664468.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Michael Ross 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 18 Jul 2017 15:37:20 +0000 
Is it ok that I go back to GSJ be back 12:30 to start lunch 
Michael Ross 
EFTA00664468

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664469.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: Admiral Farragut Academy 
Date: Tue, 18 Jul 2017 15:31:28 +0000 
Hey Bossman, 
I spoke with Stephanie from "AFA School" and Mrs. Benjamin from "BCB School" together. 
Stephanie agreed to accept the transcripts via fax so we could proceed with getting the applications approved 
before School begin on Aug 21st. 
Ann R. 
On Jul 12, 2017, at 12:37 PM, Ann Rodriquez < 
wrote: 
I spoke with Ms. Stephanie Wood on Monday to check on the status of the girls applications. She said that her 
Director of Admission is on vacation and only she can approve the applications 
I'll continue to follow up with Stephanie 
<image1.JPG> 
Ann R. 
On Jul 12, 2017, at 10:52 AM, jeffrey E. <jear@gmail.com> wrote: 
you are the prioority, girls school? i wil be down sunday for two weeks , will talk about everythingk 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664469

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664470.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Hugo Hodge 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Richard Kahn <MMIMIII6Sfrey 
E." leevacation®gmail.com>, Amy 
Claire Dempsey 
Fwd: LSJ_GSJ Approved Drawings and Specs 
Thu, 20 Jul 2017 03:05:26 +0000 
ATT00001.htm; 
750 kVa Step_up_transformer_specs_(2)_Approved with_comments 71517.pdf; 
LSJ- GSF ONE_LINE_REVI-Model_Approved_wikcomments_71517.pdf; 
ATT00002.htm; 
SC Vista Auto Transfer Switch SpecilLApproved_with_Comments_71517.pdf; 
ATT00003.htm;-ATT000(74.htm; ;thge001.jpg 
Attached are the approvals from WAPA. Please let me know if I should have Denny Bryan secure prices for the 
switch gear. 
Forwarded messa e 
From: Niel Vanterpool 
Date: Sat, Jul 15, 2017 at 
: 
Subject: Fwd: LSJ_GSJ Approved Drawin s and S ecs 
To: " 
Cc: "Clinton 1'. Hedrington" 
FYI 
NV 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Ashley M. B an' 
To: "Niel Vanterpool" 
Cc: "Clinton T. Hedrington" 
Subject: LSJ_GSJ Approved Drawings and Specs 
Good Morning, 
Please see attached stamped drawings and specs. Review Comments and let me know if any changes are 
needed. 
Regards, 
Ashley M. Bryan 
[cid:image001.jpg@01D2FD5D.74AB60A0] 
Virgin Islands Water & Power Authority 
System Planning Department 
Electrical Engineer 
8189 Sub Base 
St. Thomas, VI 00802-5825 
Office: 340.774.3552 ext. 2279 
EFTA00664470
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00664471

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664472.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Harry Fisch <1 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 20 Jul 2017 01:14:45 +0000 
I'm there. Thx. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 19, 2017, at 7:05 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Woody Richard axel thurs 7 pm 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664472

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664473.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nelson, Justin D" 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Happy Birthday 
Date: Fri, 20 Jan 2017 15:13:01 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.png 
Jeffrey, 
Happy Birthday! 
I hope you have a great day. 
Best regards, Justin 
Justin D. Nelson - Managing Director 
J.P. Morgan Private Bank 
1.00 West Putnam Avenue 'Greenwich, CT 06830 
p: 203.629.3124 I p 
I f:203.200.7706 I e-mail: 
IPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and J.P. Morgan Securities L LC 
RIPM_SIG_PB_RGB 
40% 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://wwwj morgan.corn/pagesldisclosures/email 
EFTA00664473

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664474.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Carolyn Rangel <1 
To: Deepak Chopra  
>, Poonacha Machaiah  
CC: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Patricia Hacker <I 
>, 
Subject: Re: Re:yes 
Date: Thu, 20 Jul 2017 00:07:35 +0000 
Inline-Images: OutlookEmoji-1490295495151_Instantf6ad49f6-6337-44de-8874-elc419688981jpg; 
OutlookEmoji-1486496284784_Screen5350a076-a446-4b5b-8d5c-b55948623061.png 
Her reservation is confirmed for arrival on 7/20 based on Jeffrey's confirmation. Please use the same hotel 
confirmation previously shared. 
=arrives 1040 pm San Diego tomorw thx 
Carolyn Rangel 
President, Deepak Chopra LLC 
2023 Costa Del Mar Road 
Carlsbad, CA 92009 
Tel: 
www.deepakchopra.corn
Support your local Public Broadcast TV Station: You Are the Universe 
Learn more at: www.discoveringyourcosmicsel£com 
;5490295495151_Instant 
,,..:1486496284784 Screen 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. if you have received 
this email in error please notify the system manager. This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. if you are not the 
named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by 
mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. If you are not the intended recipient you are notified that disclosing, copying, distributing or taking any action in 
reliance on the contents of this information is strictly prohibited. 
From: Deepak Chopra 
Sent: Wednesday, July 19, 2017 5:16 PM 
To: Poonacha Machaiah 
Cc: jeffrey E.; Carolyn Rangel; Patricia Hacker; 
Subject: Re:yes 
Carolyn please confirm 
2013 Costa Del Mar Road 
Carlsbad CA 92009 
The Chopra Foundation 
EFTA00664474
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Jul 19, 2017, at 4:58 PM, Poonacha Machaiah 
I> wrote: 
Dear Jeff, 
I will meet her at the Chopra Center on Friday (July 21). I have blocked 10-3PM for the update meeting. 
• Meeting Location: Chopra Center (La Costa Omni Resort) 
• Meeting Room:DS (Next to Deepak's office) 
• Meeting Attendees from Jiyo: Poonacha, Patricia 
We have not heard back from 
with respect to where she will be staying and if she would like to stay on 
premise? Look forward to the meeting with 
With gratitude, 
Poonacha 
On Wed, Jul 19, 2017 at 1:53 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
arrives 1040 pm San Diego tomorw thx 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Poonacha Machaiah 
Co-Founder & CEO 
EFTA00664475
--- PAGE 3 ---
(m): (+1 
(m): (+ 
:India 
(twitter): (3Spoonacha_bm 
7825 Fay Avenue, Suite 200, La Jolla, CA 92037 
www.jiyo.com --'Transforming personal and societal wellbeing" 
EFTA00664476

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664477.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: William Blum
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Fees 
Date: Thu, 18 May 2017 22:54:08 +0000 
Thanks, Jeff. I will wait to hear back from you. 
BTW, when you meet with the Governor, please let him know that I am planning to testify on the bill at the Legislature 
once the hearings are set. 
Bill 
William Blum I Partner 
SOLOMON BLUM HEYMANN LLP 
Wall Street, 35th floor 
New York, NY 10005 
Tel 
212.267.7600 
Fax 
212.267.2030 
Email 
From: Jeffrey E. [mallto:jeevacation@gmail.coml 
Sent: Thursday, May 18, 2017 6:51 PM 
To: William Blum 
Subject: Re: Fees 
understood , i am meeting with the govemore this week, he thought it imporant that the govt pay, for pr 
purposes at a minimum , not nice, 
ill report back afl3r the meeting 
On Thu, May 18, 2017 at 6:46 PM, William Blum < 
> wrote: 
Hi, Jeff. I hope all is well. 
As you know we completed most of our work on the legislative project for you (now the "Financial Services 
Improvement Act of 2017") over six months ago. However, the bulk of our fees for this project (billed through 
Erika's firm) have not yet been paid and we have been patiently waiting for that to happen. 
Erika tells me that this may have to do with the fact that the Governor preferred to have the fees paid by his 
office or by Peter Hiebert's firm. Exactly who cuts the check to us is not that important to us, but since you are 
the client and you engaged us for this work, we have no choice but to look to you for payment. 
Can you please arrange to make payment now? Erika can provide you with the exact amount if you need it. If 
you want to discuss, of course I am available. 
Yours, 
Bill 
William Blum I Partner 
SOLOMON BLUM HEYMANN LLP 
wall Street, 35th floor 
New York, NY 10005 
Tel 
212.267.7600 
Fax 
212 267 2030 
Email 
EFTA00664477
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664478

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664479.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Concierge Auctions <info@conciergeauctions.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmaiLcom 
Subject: [Featured Films] Breathtaking Water Views in the Bahamas and Connecticut 
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2017 22:30:45 +0000 
View in PWCYNgef 
FEATURED FILMS 
EFTA00664479
--- PAGE 2 ---
Abaco, Bahamas 
ABACO, BAHAMAS 
AUCTION JULY 27TH 
Previously $2.499M I Selling Without Reserve 
As part of The Abaco Club on Winding Bay community, this seaside estate features 
incredible indoor-outdoor entertainment amenities. 
WATCH SHORT FILM 
EFTA00664480
--- PAGE 3 ---
Stratford/Milford Area, CT 
STRATFORD/MILFORD AREA, CT 
AUCTION JULY 28TH 
Previously $2.5M I Selling Without Reserve 
This historic New England Colonial offers effortless lakefront elegance, breathtaking 
views, and private access to Beaver Dam Lake. 
EFTA00664481
--- PAGE 4 ---
TRENDING FILMS 
Dayton/Sheridan Area, WY 
1, 
Dayton/Sheridan Area, WY 
Auction July 27th 
Previously Listed for $17.5M 
Selling Without Reserve 
Salt Spring Island, Canada 
Salt Spring Island, British Columbia, Canada 
Auction August 15th 
Gig Harbor, WA 
Gig Harbor, WA 
Auction July 31st 
Previously $10.5M 
Selling Without Reserve 
Mount Snow, VT 
Mount Snow, VT 
Auction August 15th 
EFTA00664482
--- PAGE 5 ---
Previously $5.885M 
Selling Without Reserve 
Tahiti, French Polynesia 
Tahiti, French Polynesia 
Auction August 23rd 
Currently Listed at $11.88M 
Selling At or Above $6M 
Previously $2.9M 
Selling Without Reserve 
Catalina Island, CA 
Catalina Island, CA 
Auction August 24th 
Currently Listed at $7.88M 
Selling Without Reserve 
WATCH ALL FILMS 
ON THE BLOG 
La' The $60 Million Result of Our 
Summer Portfolio Sale 
The $60 Million Result of Our 
Summer Portfolio Sale 
by Chad Roffers 
Meet the July Key For KeyTM 
Recipients 
Meet the July Key For Key"' 
Recipients 
by Laura Brady 
let Unique Twist to Sale of 3 Luxury 
Brownstones by 3 Famous Designers 
EFTA00664483
--- PAGE 6 ---
Unique Twist to Sale of 3 
Luxury Brownstones by 3 
Famous Designers 
by Joshua Havoc 
DOWNLOAD OUR MOBILE APP 
TO WATCH OR BID ON AUCTIONS 
STAY IN THE KNOW 
FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL 
G. 
Concierge Auctions, LLC, 405 Lexington Ave, 26th floor , New York, NY 10174 United States 
You received this email because you are subscribed to Marketing Information from Concierge Auctions, LLC. 
Update your email preferences to choose the types of emails you receive. 
Unsubscnbe from all future emails 
EFTA00664484

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664485.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664485.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: Report H 152: A land of contradictions 
Date: Sat, 19 Feb 2011 17:44:45 +0000 
Hallo dear friends! 
I finally figured out why I don't go w/ the girls in the office: I'm not a girlie-girl. I don't run around saying: "happy valentine's day" 
passing out candy wrapped in red paper w/ little bunnies. 
One of the perks of living here is the non-christmas and non-celebrations of stupid days such as valentine's day. Yet, every 
person I see has to chant: "happy valentine's day". 
Ironically I experienced my first baby shower in The Middle East! An Arab-colleague threw a baby surprise baby shower for 
another Arab-colleague. The mom-to-be was not happy with the surprise at all. It was an awkward affair for all Europeans a 
Arabs because we don't do showers. The Americans were all comfortable, though! 
At the baby-shower there were lithe paper-figures spread on the table shaped in various baby-theme shapes. I pointed out 
that they should've been shaped like sperm like in the Jennifer Aniston movie... 
A colleague scarred me for life: We were 4 colleagues having a civilized dinner. I was just minding my own business enjoying 
my steak. Completely unsolicited my male colleague stuck his iPhone in my face with a dose-up picture of his penis! 
He wanted to show the picture he sends out to men on this gay-sex-website. It has a GPS-system that tells who is in the 
neighborhood so people can hook up... That something like that would exist in a country where sex outside of marriage is 
forbidden, not to mention gay-sex, really shocked me. Then my colleague's penis-picture on top of that! I'm so mentally 
scarred now... 
Some of the idiot faculty and staff at NYUAD (NYUAD has a strong preference to hiring people with a sub-zero IQ) says it's so 
safe here. Here are some of the news the past 2 weeks: 
1. 4-yr old girl gang-raped by 3 adult men 
2. 21 year old Emirate (this is the really shocking part) male drugged and raped by 2 Iranian men who filmed it 
3. 2 women dragged into car, beaten and threatened to be gang-raped, but the Emirate men then kicked them out of car. 
4. Attempts to trick women into stopping on highway to save non-existing baby 
5. Attempts to make women stop car by throwing egg on front windshield of car. Turning on wipers makes the mess worse. 
6. 2 year old sexually molested and beaten by real estate agent showing parents an apt 
7. Not to the mention the general unrest in the Middle East. Considering we're an American university 
with the words "New York" in our name, it's a bit worrisome that we don't have an evacuation plan... To 
reiterate: NYUAD has a preference for sub-zero IQ employees... 
Be safe! 
EFTA00664485

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664486.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664486.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Martin Nowak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Feb 2011 19:38:40 +0000 
the idea of a 2 dimensional payoff drives me crazy 
EFTA00664486

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664487.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
cla 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Feb 2011 22:04:22 +0000 
Dear Jeffrey! How are you? If by any chance you going to be in LA on 
Oscar weekend, I wanted to invite you to baby shower for my son to be. 
London hotel, feb 26th. Its going to be mostly girls, min 20 models 
(russian, litvanian). You will have a great time and i also will be 
very happy to see you! 
EFTA00664487

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664488.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: N E M 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 19 Feb 2011 22:46:40 +0000 
do 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Sent: Sat, February 19, 2011 6:08:15 AM 
Subject: 
gather all the pictures of the " model pilot" getting into the jet, copy of your log book, licences. etx. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664488

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664489.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Bgordon.lsj®gmail.con" <11
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: Gary 
Date: Sat, 19 Feb 2011 23:10:13 +0000 
Is 9am ok for 
Gary to come to island tomorrow 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664489

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664490.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 19 Feb 2011 23:27:46 +0000 
Begining ofilMis a due. contact me when u r in La, its will be 
at
 girls at my party and also old friends of mine (like 
ect.) that you met before, and who is dying to see you! 
On 2/19/11, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> very possibly„ I will definitely be there the 28-4 th , I am very excite 
> for you„ when is he due. have you found me a wife. 
> On Sat, Feb 19, 2011 at 6:04 PM, 
cli
> wrote: 
>> Dear Jeffrey! How are you? If by any chance you going to be in LA on 
>> Oscar weekend, I wanted to invite you to baby shower for my son to be. 
>> London hotel, feb 26th. Its going to be mostly girls, min 20 models 
>> (russian, litvanian). Yogi have a great time and i also will be 
» very happy to see you! 
> --
> 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664490

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664491.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Gmax" 
To: <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 01:08:01 +0000 
TW sent me an e mail today telling me he is engaged 
EFTA00664491

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664492.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664492.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Boris Nikolic (bgC3)" 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: did you get any docs to read from Larry? 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 01:09:48 +0000 
How are you? 
It has been beyond busy week for me — just catching up with everything 
Just in the case that you missed Friday's announcement 
http://www.gua rd is n.co.0 k/business/ 2011/feb/18/g20-france-africa-bill -gates
Now we do not have option but moving the currency forward ;) 
EFTA00664492

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664493.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mail Delivery Subsystem <mailer-daemon@googlemail.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Delivery Status Notification (Failure) 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 01:39:43 +0000 
Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently: 
Technical details of permanent failure: 
Google tried to deliver your message, but it was rejected by the recipient domain. We recommend contacting the 
other email provider for further information about the cause of this error. The error that the other server returned 
was: 550 550 5.7.1 Recipient not authorized, your IP has been found on a block list (state 14). 
Original message 
MIME-Version: 1.0 
Received: by 10.223.72.202 with SMTP id n10mr2203595faj.74.1298165976904; Sat, 
Feb 2011 17:39:36 -0800 (PST) 
Received: by 10.223.125.80 with HTTP; Sat, 19 Feb 2011 17:39:36 -0800 (PST) 
In-Reply-To: 
<EAEA46EAC93E254FBFAB3A9DE3C15365AD06238003@EMSMBXCLS01.seattle. 
rg> 
References: 
<EAEA46EAC93E254FBFAB3A9DE3C15365AD06238003@EMSMBXCLS0I.seattle. 
rg> 
Date: Sat, 19 Feb 2011 21:39:36 -0400 
Message-ID: 
Subject: Re: did you get any does to read from 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation 
ail.com> 
To: "Boris Nikolic (bgC3)" 
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundaty=20cf3054a3d7e9b3b0049cacd157 
good 
On Sat Feb 19 2011 at 9:09 PM, Boris Nikolic (bgC3) < 
wrote: 
> How are you? 
> It has been beyond busy week for me — just catching up with everything 
> Just in the case that you missed Friday's announcement 
> http://www.guardian.co.uldbusiness/2011/feb/18/g20-france-africa-bill-gates 
main.gatesfoundation.o 
main.gatesfoundation.o 
EFTA00664493
--- PAGE 2 ---
> Now we do not have option but moving the currency forward ;) 
>B 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664494

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664495.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joseph Igala <IIMa> 
To: Jeffery Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Thank You 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 01:59:48 +0000 
Good Evening, 
I wanted to express my gratitude, 
It was a pleasure to be your guest on your 1st trip to St. Croix, 
myself and Peter truly enjoyed it!!! 
Thank You!!! 
All The Best 
Until I See You again 
I Love, 
Igala Joseph 
340.690.GROW(4769) 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664495

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664496.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peter Mandelson 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 11:10:39 +0000 
Seen NoW ? 
Lord Mandelson 
Chairman 
Global Counsel 
t: +44 (0) 20 7656 7600 
Sent from my BlackBeny® wireless device 
EFTA00664496

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664497.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 12:52:23 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Trying to call you back but i don't have right number. I guess 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA00664497

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664498.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jennie Saunders" < 
To: <Jeevacation®gmail.cotn> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 13:56:05 +0000 
u should meet him when u are in town —let me know if you want me to set something up 
cant wait to see u tomorrow .... 
From: Shadi - Trak-Kit [mailto 
Sent: Mon 2/7/2011 1:58 PM 
To: Jennie Saunders; 
Subject: RE: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
arsi
u are well. I am not sure what you know about us but there are some videos at one of our websites 
that will give you an idea. We are also architects and do design built. 
Trak-kit is our patented invention that has beed around for 5 years and now is getting a lot of attention. With it we are 
doing some interesting work and also various concepts and variations on the same system. 
let me know if there is something that interests you and I am happy to meet as well when you are In the dty. 
Looking forward to it. 
Best 
Shadi 
From: Jennie Saunders I 
Sent: Monday, February 07, 2011 9:34 AM 
To: Shadi - Trak-Kit; leevacation@gmaitcom 
Subject: 
Shadi meet Jeffrey ... One of the great minds (and hearts) of all time ... He will really appreciate your genius ... Please connect .... Jennie 
CORE: Jennie Saunders I Founder & Chairman I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 212 486 6600 I Mobile: 917 330 1033 
www.corcaccess.net 
EFTA00664498

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664499.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664499.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Darren Rothell <I 
To: Lany Visoski <IMa> 
Subject: Fwd: 1173 
Date: Sat, 19 Feb 2011 22:56:55 +0000 
Inline-Images: Signature.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_20.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_11.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_12.jpg; 2010-bdf-
giv_13.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_14.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_15.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_16.jpg; 2010-bdf-
giv_17.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_18.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_19.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_30.jpg; 2010-bdf-
giv_21.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_22.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_23.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_24.jpg; 2010-bdf-
giv_25.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_26.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_27.jpg; 2010-bdf-giv_28.jpg; 2010-bdf-
giv_29.jpg 
Darren L. Rothell 
President 
Global Jet Management, Inc. 
HellJet Solutions, LLC 
Phone 561.308.0911 
Fax 561.760.0710 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Andrew C Bradley <I 
Date: February 14, 2011 5:07:55 PM EST 
To: Darren Rothell 
Subject: 1173 
-rr 
CORPORATIOT 
Andrew C. Bradley 
Senior Vice President 
Global Sales & Acquisibons 
Avjet Corporation 
23800 Wind Sock Orin 
Suite 250 
Dulles, VA 20035 
(7031 661.4048 
Fax (103)6514949 
andrevaavjetcom 
EFTA00664499
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00664500
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00664501
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00664502
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00664503
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00664504
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00664505
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00664506
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00664507

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664508.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@grnail.com> 
Cc: Sarah K 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 14:54:51 +0000 
Just confirming Scott will be here at 1, he is bringing his luggage and Morgan 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664508

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664509.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.eorn> 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 17:09:50 +0000 
Hi Jeffrey, how are you? I want to ask you for advice, I plan to go to Russia to visit my parents for a week from February 
26th to March 7th, do you think its a good time and I will not miss something exciting? I remember you said that March 15th 
is the time when something can happen, and I will definitely be back by then.. 
When are you back to New York? 
EFTA00664509

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664510.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern <
1=1==> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 17:50:04 +0000 
One page article today in News Of The World newspaper about you and PA (his visit to NYC in Dec). 
EFTA00664510

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664511.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 18:04:02 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Ok, I will ask jenya when she calls me back. So tonight 11pm confirmed with Katya 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 14:00:41 -0400 
To:
Subject: Re: 
we can do nev‘ Momorow at 5 
On Sun, Feb 20, 2011 at 1:31 PM, <1 
> wrote: 
Ok, then I will go. Little katya is working tonight and will be free tomorrow after 3pm. Another Katya (from 
my city) can do tonight. 
is still in Houston, coming back tomorrow, I will ask her! 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jesioti@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 13:24:24 -0400 
To: Irina< 
Subject: Re: 
its a good time to go.. i can have either katya tonight at 11 and new jenya tomoorow at 1030 
On Sun, Feb 20, 2011 at 1:09 PM, Irina 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, how are you? I want to ask you for advice, I plan to go to Russia to visit my parents for a week from 
February 26th to March 7th, do you think its a good time and I will not miss something exciting? I remember you said 
that March 15th is the time when something can happen, and I will definitely be back by then.. 
When are you back to New York? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00664511
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664512

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664513.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664513.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 18:57:03 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Ok! 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 14:42:11 -0400 
To:
Subject: Re: 
sorry 10 tonight 
On Sun, Feb 20 2011 at 2:04 PM, < 
wrote: 
Ok, I will ask 
when she calls me back. So tonight 11pm confirmed with Katya 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jetoti@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 14:00:41 -0400 
To:
Subject: Re: 
we can do new.. 
omorow at 5 
On Sun, Feb 20, 2011 at 1:31 PM, < 
> wrote: 
Ok, then I will go. Little katya is working tonight and will be free tomorrow after 3pm. Another Katya (from 
my city) can do tonight. 
is still in Houston, coming back tomorrow, I will ask her! 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 13:24:24 -0400 
To: Irina< 
Subject: Re: 
its a good time to go.. i can have either katya tonight at 11 and new 
tomoorow at 1030 
On Sun, Feb 20, 2011 at 1:09 PM, Irina 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, how are you? I want to ask you for advice, I plan to go to Russia to visit my parents for a week from 
February 26th to March 7th, do you think its a good time and I will not miss something exciting? I remember you 
said that March 15th is the time when something can happen, and I will definitely be back by then.. 
When are you back to New York? 
EFTA00664513
--- PAGE 2 ---
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664514

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664515.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Grosof
To: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Your Special Day 
Date: Fri, 20 Jan 2017 12:26:05 +0000 
can't resist! 
Please forgive typos. Sent from Android Nexus 6 phone. 
On Jan 20, 2017 4:14 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
probablity and statistics gets its strengh from the law of large numbers . centrifigal force is a pseudo force 
but not distinguishable in the right frame. . like gravity. lets assume that there is a force pushing heads and 
tails towards a 50 50 distribution. . not merely recording it. 
regression to the mean. etc. would . could be 
a force similar to the EM one. 
On Fri, Jan 20, 2017 at 7:11 AM, David Grosof  
> wrote: 
Cool. And the former question, of clarification? 
Please forgive typos. Sent from Android Nexus 6 phone. 
On Jan 20, 2017 4:10 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
pretty well 
On Fri, Jan 20, 2017 at 7:02 AM, David Grosof < 
> wrote: 
Probability as a force rather than a what? 
Didn't suss out the next word... 
Watson's pretty wild and fun, if overconfident about some ideas about autism when I saw him talk —4 
years ago on book tour @Google. I met him once through Gunther Stent, as well as Crick on another 
occasion. Know him well? 
D. 
Please forgive typos. Sent from Android Nexus 6 phone. 
On Jan 20, 2017 2:47 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
1. is probability a force rather than a markter. 
if you look at a bell curve from scratch, it looks as 
if it under a force pushing things towards the center. 
i think gravity might be just that . 2. all 
signals in nature need to be envvyrpted so that the enemy cannot read. this includes inner signals 
that if you are aware of , can give you up to your predator. so signals from the nose , my conjecture 
is that each person has its own enxruption de encyption algorithm built in. 
fyi having dinnner with 
Jin Watson. 
On Fri, Jan 20, 2017 at 1:28 AM, David Grosof  
> wrote: 
At 10:13 PM 01/19/17, you wrote: 
all good.A A thx.A A areas of interest,A A A A distribuitionsA in nature. .A A A A 2 
deception.A 3.A sleep . 4.A power. 5 money.A 6 music and the brain. 7 , signal intellignece in 
the biologocal systems 
Excellent alignment with some of my interests or those of people I like and think are smart! 
The rest of the truncated message has been sent. 
EFTA00664515
--- PAGE 2 ---
1. What's been stimulating as a source of good questions for the "distributions in nature" issue? 
7. "Signal intelligence in biol. systems" seems to cover all of neurophysiology: Jonathan Victor, 
whom you met a few years ago in your office, is powerfully thoughtful on the issues of neural 
coding. Are there specific examples that have stimulated you to better questions or turned your 
thinking around? 
6. Are you aware of apps that purport to play music to enhance productivity and focus on tasks at 
hand? My buddy Reese Jones has backed that; he has a fascinating set of beliefs and projects 
around what may soon be understood as "consciousness hacking." He's on the board of Singularity 
University as one of the founders. (His father was a pioneer UCSF MD researcher of hallucinogens, 
I believe!) 
More to come in a day or so. 
Thanks! 
You're up late or you're not so east of my SF location! 
David 
PS How to trade the Trump-GOP demolition of the welfare state, erratic elevation of risks of trade 
disruptions and war? Has anyone from the rational center or left given thought to how to respond to 
a national emergency to cope with a kakistocratic seizure of emergency powers? The Patriot Act 
was on a 'shelf as you know, ready to be used. What should the better folks in this country have at 
hand if, say, a port is subject to a radiological attack of unknown origin? 
On Fri, Jan 20, 2017 at 1:07 AM, David Grosof 
> wrote: 
Dear Jeffrey, 
A Congratulations on another spin around the sun. 
A I would like to offer you a birthday present: my best efforts for a few hours on something 
where I might be able to contribute either to making something good happen for you or help 
you prevent the bad. 
We haven't talked much at all for quite some time, so I'm not sure of the nature of your 
current interests but here are some of mine, where I feel I either have some special 
capability or can get access to those who have such. 
* open science -- open access publishing, data publishing, and open culture institutions 
considered as a network with largely consistent and mutually reinforcing values: Public 
Library of Science (PLoS), Wikipedia, Internet Archive, Electronic Frontier Foundation, and 
Creative Commons, along with allied US, UK, European governmental and NGO funding 
sources and other institutions. 
* early-stage life science-based ventures, especially those with one or more of these 
technologies: optics, wearable-sensors, brain-computer interface, behavioral engineering 
that goes beyond robo-noodging. I am not up to speed on synthetic bio and CRISPR, but I 
have a good friend who is. 
• cybersecurity for you and your life. I have carefully monitored the web for articles about 
you and I have reason to think that those will persist indefinitely. I would be remiss as your 
friend if I did not encourage you to be as diligent and smart as possible in using tools like 
Signal, two-factor/multi-factor authentication, taking webmail archives off the web onto 
your own secure privately maintained archive or deleted (unlike Podesta), and other 
measures. 
* publicity for your cool-ass creative and important philanthropy in support of really good 
and adventuresome, high-risk basic science research. Most obvious benefit: it would be nice 
EFTA00664516
--- PAGE 3 ---
to know you hung out with the bright 
David Grosof 
AAAAAAA please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
David Grosof 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00664517
--- PAGE 4 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNS@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664518

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664519.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Date: Wed, 31 May 2017 23:39:28 +0000 
Attachments: 39E353C9-37A6-43DB-8BDC-7588F127DC0B.JPG; 95F16A0A-3BDB-4EB0-8228-
BFB4627B0C13.JPG 
EFTA00664519

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664520.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.corn> 
To: jeevacation®gmail.com 
Date: Wed, 31 May 2017 23:06:17 +0000 
Attachments: 2017-05-31-VIDEO-00000003.mp4 
EFTA00664520

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664521.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Julia Santos
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Barbados 
Date: Wed, 31 May 2017 16:59:40 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_1327.PNG 
Antoine's assistant Lera, ( I have heard super druggy) with A 
EFTA00664521

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664522.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Churkin, Maxim" < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 31 May 2017 15:56:56 +0000 
Thank you. 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 at 11:13 AM 
To: "Churkin, Maxim" 
Subject: <no subject> 
Resent-From: 
max , arda immigration, arda max ;s mother and max 
, arda beskardes <
> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664522

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664523.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jean HUGUEN" 
To: mjeffrey E!" <jeevacation@gmail.eom> 
Subject: money 
Date: Wed, 31 May 2017 15:19:01 +0000 
Dear Jeffrey 
I left some bids in 2 auction houses for tomorrow 
Can you tell me please if you did the wire 
Thanks a lot 
jean 
EFTA00664523

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664524.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664524.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez <annrodriquez@yahoo.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: Rich Kahn <richardlcahn12@gmail.com> 
Subject: Choice: Tower radio 
Date: Mon, 23 Jan 2017 20:27:33 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_9712.JPG; IMG_9713.JPG; IMG_9714.JPG; IMG_9715.JPG; IMG_9716.JPG; 
IMG_9717.JPG; IMG_9718.JPG 
Temporary fix until we approve a permanent solution. Jermaine will discuss options with Allen & Omar 
tomorrow 
Ann R.;11 
EFTA00664524

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664525.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Grosof 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Your Special Day (complete message) 
Date: Fri, 20 Jan 2017 06:18:20 +0000 
My email softare prematurely ejaeulitted-emitted a message due to some mysterious hotkey combination 
 rest 
is below 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Congratulations on another spin around the sun. 
I would like to offer you a birthday present: my best efforts for a few hours on something where I might be able 
to contribute either to making something good happen for you or help you prevent the bad. 
We haven't talked much at all for quite some time, so I'm not sure of the nature of your current interests but here 
are some of mine, where I feel I either have some special capability or can get access to those who have such. 
* open science -- open access publishing, data publishing, and open culture institutions considered as a network 
with largely consistent and mutually reinforcing values: Public Library of Science (PLoS), Wikipedia, Internet 
Archive, Electronic Frontier Foundation, and Creative Commons, along with allied US, UK, European 
governmental and NGO funding sources and other institutions. 
* early-stage life science-based ventures, especially those with one or more of these technologies: optics, 
wearable-sensors, brain-computer interface, behavioral engineering that goes beyond robo-noodging. I am not up 
to speed on synthetic bio and CRISPR, but I have a good friend who is. 
* cybersecurity for you and your life. I have carefully monitored the web for articles about you and I have reason 
to think that those will persist indefinitely. I would be remiss as your friend if I did not encourage you to be as 
diligent and smart as possible in using tools like Signal, two-factor/multi-factor authentication, taking webmail 
archives off the web onto your own secure privately maintained archive or deleted (unlike Podesta), and other 
measures. 
* publicity for your cool-ass creative and important philanthropy in support of really good and adventuresome, 
high-risk basic science research. Most obvious benefit: it would be nice for people to know that in the US VI you 
hung out with the brightest people around and supported creative work on the most difficult theoretical 
challenges in physics The gift of the submarine trip to you know who is a beautiful thing people should know 
about, if I understand correctly what you made happen. I've not been impressed at all with what I've seen of 
engineered good publicity. I offer my time and energy as you wish to address your wants and needs in that 
department. 
* entertaining storytelling and "nerd culture" talks and performances -- I'm one of the Bay Area's mavens about a 
whole range of spoken word events. I have performed, I have volunteered as recording engineer, I have little 
recurring schtick roles in some shows, it's like I'm channeling some mix of my dad as raconteur and Jean 
Shepherd (you must have heard him on WOR when you were growing up, right?). 
I am very aware that the historical pattern with you on phone calls is that you have been brief, often impatient, 
and have called quite out of the blue, catching me unprepared, waking me up, or under the weather, as often as 
not.. That does not work well for me. I super-enjoyed talking with you the evening I was on the island and a few 
times in your NYC house, and I'd love to talk with you a bit more without feeling that I was racing a kitchen 
timer. 
I wish you good health and good luck and many great acts of kindness to and from you in the coming year! 
Your old friend, 
David 
EFTA00664525
--- PAGE 2 ---
David Grosof 
* 
EFTA00664526

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664527.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 21:26:48 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
My company's new name: STERLING 
PA agrees. 
You agree ? 
EFTA00664527

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664528.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates aa> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 22:15:06 +0000 
I am feeling that you are avoiding me...and I am really upset about it I have no problem with never bringing up this subject 
again but you are the one that keeps telling me you are going to help me make this deal I have to get back with the lawyer 
on Monday as I have done a lot of work making this dream a reality. As I told you before my kids keep asking me when we 
are moving and I am feeling very bad about it as I would never have taken them to the apartment and never ever would 
have begun discussing it with them. I have been looking at loads of other places and nothing really compares with the 
place on 69th street not even close. Either way this week is it. Daren of course never got back to me and I realize you are 
busy but I wouldn't think to busy to deal with something that is so small in your world but means so much to me. 
Remember ever time I asked you are you sure you said of course. If this isn't going to happen I have to tell the kids as well 
as the lawyer and the architects, as well as trying to extend my lease where I am it's a big big mess because when you told 
me to go ahead I gave this building notice that I would be moving at the end of my lease and also asked then if need be if I 
can leave my lease early they agreed if I would let them show my apt which I of course did...I cant jerk them around as my 
friends no longer own this place and its now owned by a reit and they don't give a crap...jeffrey please be upfront with me I 
understand that if you cant do this finically at this moment but pleas just retum my calls I wont ever let something like this 
come between 30 years of friendship . 
Xoxo 
me 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information. some or all of which. may be proprietary or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient 
only. If you have received this message by error, please notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You. the recipient. are obligated to maintain it in a 
safe. secure. and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject you to penalties described in Federal and State 
law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664528

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664529.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664529.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 01:33:45 +0000 
I always return your calls 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 20, 2011, at 5:15 PM, Faith Kates < 
> wrote: 
I am feeling that you are avoiding me...and I am really upset about it I have no problem with never bringing up this 
subject again but you are the one that keeps telling me you are going to help me make this deal I have to get back with 
the lawyer on Monday as I have done a lot of work making this dream a reality. As I told you before my kids keep asking 
me when we are moving and I am feeling very bad about it as I would never have taken them to the apartment and never 
ever would have begun discussing it with them. I have been looking at loads of other places and nothing really compares 
with the place on 69th street not even close. Either way this week is it. Daren of course never got back to me and I 
realize you are busy but I wouldn't think to busy to deal with something that is so small in your world but means so much 
to me. 
Remember ever time I asked you are you sure you said of course. If this isn't going to happen I have to tell the kids as 
well as the lawyer and the architects, as well as trying to extend my lease where I am it's a big big mess because when 
you told me to go ahead I gave this building notice that I would be moving at the end of my lease and also asked then if 
need be if I can leave my lease early they agreed if I would let them show my apt which I of course did...I cant jerk them 
around as my friends no longer own this place and its now owned by a reit and they don't give a crap...jeffrey please be 
upfront with me I understand that if you cant do this finically at this moment but pleas just return my calls I wont ever let 
something like this come between 30 years of friendship . 
Xoxo 
me 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information. some or all of which. may be proprietary or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient 
only. If you have received this message by error, please notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You. the recipient. are obligated to maintain it in a 
safe. secure. and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject you to penalties described in Federal and 
State law. Next Management. LLC and any affiliate companies are not responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664529

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664530.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To:'
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 01:35:04 +0000 
No , means money - starling ok 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 20, 2011, at 4:26 PM, 
> My company's new name: STERLING 
> PA agrees. 
> You agree ? 
wrote: 
EFTA00664530

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664531.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 20 Jan 2017 09:22:40 +0000 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY and a year full of health, money and lots and lots of P pre-expiry date 
EFTA00664531

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664532.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664532.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sarah K 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 03:07:03 +0000 
In I i n e-1 m ages: photo.JPG 
EFTA00664532

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664533.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664533.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates aa> 
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 03:10:03 +0000 
What ever!!! Not getting into that u didn't answer the question should I take it as a no 
Original Message 
From: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates 
Sent: Sun Feb 20 20:33:45 2011 
Subject: Re: 
I always return your calls 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 20, 2011, at 5:15 PM, Faith Kates cfl. 
wrote: 
I am feeling that you are avoiding me...and I am really upset about it I have no problem with never bringing up 
this subject again but you are the one that keeps telling me you are going to help me make this deal I have to get 
back with the lawyer on Monday as I have done a lot of work making this dream a reality. As I told you before 
my kids keep asking me when we are moving and I am feeling very bad about it as I would never have taken 
them to the apartment and never ever would have begun discussing it with them. I have been looking at loads of 
other places and nothing really compares with the place on 69th street not even close. Either way this week is it. 
Daren of course never got back to me and I realize you are busy but I wouldn't think to busy to deal with 
something that is so small in your world but means so much to me. 
Remember ever time I asked you are you sure you said of course. If this isn't going to happen I have to tell the 
kids as well as the lawyer and the architects, as well as trying to extend my lease where I am it's a big big mess 
because when you told me to go ahead I gave this building notice that I would be moving at the end of my lease 
and also asked then if need be if I can leave my lease early they agreed if I would let them show my apt which I 
of course did...I cant jerk them around as my friends no longer own this place and its now owned by a reit and 
they don't give a crap...jeffrey please be upfront with me I understand that if you cant do this finically at this 
moment but pleas just return my calls I wont ever let something like this come between 30 years of friendship . 
Xoxo 
me 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
EFTA00664533
--- PAGE 2 ---
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664534

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664535.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664535.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Darren Indyke < 
To: "CHRISTOPHER E KNIGHT" -4 
Subject: Re: spoke to chuck 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 04:06:36 +0000 
>, Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Lilly Chris said that you would update me on your progress with searching the Scherer disks based on the search 
terms that I forwarded to Chris on February 11? I have not received any update. Please advise. Thanks. 
Darren K. Indyke 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Telephone: (212) 517-2052 
Direct: (646) 862-4817 
Fax: (212) 517-7779 
email: 
* it** * * it* * * it* ** * it* * * it* * ** it* * * it* * ** it* * * it* * * irk* * * it* * * Mt* * * it* * * *44 * * it* * * it* ** * ******** 
it* 
* it* * ** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - © 2011 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC —All rights reserved. 
* it** * * it* * * it* * * * 
* * it* * ** it* * * it* * ** ******** 
******* 
irk* * it* * * 
* * it* * ********************* 
***it* 
On Feb 18, 2011, at 1:59 PM, CHRISTOPHER E. KNIGHT wrote: 
I will have Lilly update you on where progress is on the project. Thanks. 
<image001.png> 
<image002.png>Christopher E. Knight 
MANAGING SHAREHOLDER 
vCard I Biography I Website 
305.789.9200 main 
U.K. 
direct 
mobile 
305.728.7510 fax 
Espirito Santo Plaza 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
14th Floor 
Miami, Florida 33131 
EFTA00664535
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Darren Indyke [mailto 
Sent: Friday, February 18, 2011 1:50 PM 
To: CHRISTOPHER E. KNIGHT 
Subject: Re: spoke to chuck 
Another follow up question. Have you guys completed searching Scherer does based on the search terms I 
gave you? Please advise. Thanks. 
Darren K. Indyke 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Telephone: (212) 517-2052 
Direct: (646) 862-4817 
Fax: (212) 517-7779 
email: 
********************************************************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - © 2011 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC —All rights reserved. 
On Feb 18, 2011, at 12:46 PM, CHRISTOPHER E. KNIGHT wrote: 
Same as what we discussed yesterday. Chuck will give me permission once Chuck has talked to Stettin and received 
feedback. Cannot call Stettin now. Pushed, as well as Lilly, on Chuck yesterday. 
<image001.png> 
<image002.png>Christopher E. Knight 
MANAGING SHAREHOLDER 
veard Biography Website 
305.789.9200 main 
305.789.9210 direct 
mobile 
Espirito Santo Plaza 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
14th Floor 
Miami, Florida 33131 
EFTA00664536
--- PAGE 3 ---
305 728.7510 fax 
From: Darren Indyke [mailto 
Sent: Friday, February 18, 2011 12:35 PM 
To: CHRISTOPHER E. KNIGHT 
Subject: Re: spoke to chuck 
Thanks for the response. Though I am a little confused because I got an email from JE a little while ago in 
response to the email that I sent you and lilly today wherein JE told me that you said that you would reach out 
to Chuck for permission to call Stetin. Please let me and JE know. Thanks. 
Darren K. Indyke 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Telephone: (212) 517-2052 
Direct: (646) 862-4817 
Fax: (212) 517-7779 
email: 
********************************************************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - © 2011 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC —All rights reserved. 
On Feb 18, 2011, at 12:06 PM, CHRISTOPHER E. KNIGHT wrote: 
Would be counter-productive. Both of us spoke to Chuck yesterday. Will check in Tuesday if we don't hear back first. 
<Unage001.png> 
<image002.png>Christopher E. Knight 
MANAGING SHAREHOLDER 
vCard Biography Website 
EFTA00664537
--- PAGE 4 ---
305.789.9200 mein 
Espirito Santo Plaza 
direct 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
mobile 
14th Floor 
305.728.7510 tax 
Miami, Florida 33131 
From: Darren Indyke [mailto 
Sent: Friday, February 18, 2011 11:39 AM 
To: CHRISTOPHER E. KNIGHT 
Cc: Lilly Ann Sanchez; jeevacation@amail.com; Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr.; Jacqueline M. Borrero 
Subject: Re: spoke to chuck 
Has you or Lilly spoken to Chuck this morning to see if he reached Herb? Please advise. 
Thanks. 
Darren K. Indyke 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Telephone: (212) 517-2052 
Direct: (646) 862-4817 
Fax: (212) 517-7779 
email: 
********************************************************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - © 2011 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC —All rights reserved. 
On Feb 17, 2011, at 4:01 PM, CHRISTOPHER E. KNIGHT wrote: 
Thanks. Keep everyone posted. I will attempt to speak to Herb after Chuck has reached him (with permission). 
<image001.png> 
<image002.png>Christopher E Knight 
MANAGING SHAREHOLDER 
EFTA00664538
--- PAGE 5 ---
vCard Biography Website 
305.789.9200 main 
Espirito Santo Plaza 
mis
direct 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
mobile 
14th Floor 
305.728.7510 fax 
Miami. Florida 33131 
From: Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Sent: Thursday, February 17, 2011 3:55 PM 
To: jeeyacationgmail.com; Darren Indyke <-> 
Cc: CHRISTOPHER E. KNIGHT; Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr.; Jacqueline M. Borrero 
Subject: spoke to chuck 
As I thought, he has not spoken to stettin yet on our issue-
Stettin has been unreachable & he is hoping to get a call from him this evening or in the morning-
I have outlined our position & he is sympathetic-
He is thinking about doing a spot check of the documents himself to confirm no privilege issues & turn over- I am 
encouraging this .... 
He must, however, get stettin's okay-
I will keep you posted. 
regards 
<image001.png> 
<image002.png>Lilly Ann Sanchez 
SHAREHOLDER 
vCard Biography Website 
305.789.9200 main 
305.789.9279 direct 
305.728.7579 fax 
Espirito Santo Plaza 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
14th Floor 
Miami. Florida 33131 
**TAX MATTERS- IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: To ensure compliance with requirements 
imposed by the IRS, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication 
(including attachments) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for 
the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, 
marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
If you would like such advice, please contact us.*** ***Attention: The information 
contained in this E-mail message is attorney privileged and confidential information 
intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. If the reader of this message 
is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
EFTA00664539
--- PAGE 6 ---
copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication 
in error, please contact the sender by reply E-mail and destroy all copies of the original 
message. Thank you. 
**TAX MATTERS- IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: To ensure compliance with requirements 
imposed by the IRS, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication 
(including attachments) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for 
the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, 
marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
If you would like such advice, please contact us.*** ***Attention: The information 
contained in this E-mail message is attorney privileged and confidential information 
intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. If the reader of this message 
is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication 
in error, please contact the sender by reply E-mail and destroy all copies of the original 
message. Thank you. 
**TAX MATTERS- IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: To ensure compliance with requirements 
imposed by the IRS, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication 
(including attachments) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for 
the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, 
marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
If you would like such advice, please contact us.*** ***Attention: The information 
contained in this E-mail message is attorney privileged and confidential information 
intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. If the reader of this message 
is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication 
in error, please contact the sender by reply E-mail and destroy all copies of the original 
message. Thank you. 
**TAX MATTERS- IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: To ensure compliance with requirements imposed by 
the IRS, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including attachments) 
was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties 
under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any 
transaction or matter addressed herein. If you would like such advice, please contact us.*** 
***Attention: The information contained in this E-mail message is attorney privileged and confidential 
information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. if the reader of this message 
is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copy of 
this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please 
contact the sender by reply E-mail and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you. 
EFTA00664540

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664541.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 04:17:59 +0000 
We only have the oats you used to have in the kitchen, I will organise that we get the kind you like know 
tomorrow 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664541

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664542.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 04:19:58 +0000 
Didn't speak about a time for tomorrow, please come get me if you need me before I am up 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664542

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664543.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Customs 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 02:07:16 +0000 
Jeffrey, 
I befriended Mr. Modisette who is CBP APIS account manager, as you see below, he provided me the email that states, APIS 
is NOT required from USVI to US,. 
I would like to send him an email, asking his guidance for passenger requirements for a US passenger traveling from USVI to 
USA,. I would like incorporate his response, if positive, in my email to Customs Supervisor in Teterboro,. 
do you think this is a good approach? 
Thank you, 
Larry 
Good afternoon, Mr. Visoski, 
Thank you for providing the additional information as requested. 
I'm glad we were able to reconcile this issue. I have noted that you are aware of the regulations and that you 
understand you must file an electronic manifest for all flights departing from and arriving to the United States. 
For APIS purposes, the "United States" means the continental United States, Alaska, Hawaii; Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands 
of the United States, Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
An APIS manifest is required when arriving in to the United States from a foreign port or place, or when 
departing the United States to a foreign port or place. When traveling within the United States, by use of the 
definition above, it is not necessary to file an APIS manifest. 
As noted in your email response from any APIS submission, "the CBP form 178 is no longer a valid form and is 
not required for arrival in to the United States." 
Please consider this matter closed with no penalty case initiation to occur. 
If you have any additional questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me directly. 
Best regards, 
Ralph D. Modisette 
National APIS Account Manager 
U.S. Customs & Border Protection 
Office of Field Operations 
EFTA00664543

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664544.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "David Mitchell"
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fw: Peter and IRISH OPPORTUNITY 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 11:03:06 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Did you ever receive this email 
Original Message 
From: David Mitchell 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
ReplyTo: David Mitchell 
Subject: Peter and IRISH OPPORTUNITY 
Sent: Feb 17, 2011 8:53 AM 
Dear Jeffery 
Working with Todd and Guggenheim on AIB,in Dublin for the last three months ( I mentioned to you previously 
,but 
now it has gotten more serious) 
My partner Joel set it up as his partners in the UK ,the Freshwater family is close with AIB 
Todd has taken control of the deal at our behest as he has the banking and balance sheet credibility 
It will take quite a bit of money (1-3 bil) and an major opportunity 
I have told Todd we will be 50 percent of the equity (big shot that I am ) Todd is raising the other 50 percent 
I think you need to interject yourself into the process as this is somewhat of a global platform 
I further think you should use Peter to spearhead it as this is his sweet spot considering his background 
My partner Joel is in England Monday and was going to further brief Peter on Silverstone 
If this is of interest to you I suggest you call Todd and tell him I have asked you to be involved and you surface 
Your desire to have Peter involved 
(Prior to your call I will contact Todd to lay the ground work for your call) 
After your call with Todd I can have Joel brief Peter so that you can get his view 
Let me know if this is of interest, 
David 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Sent via BlackBeny from T-Mobile 
David Mitchell 
***NOTE NEW ADDRESS*" 
815 Fifth Avenue 
New York NY 10065 
1212-486-4444 
EFTA00664544
--- PAGE 2 ---
1212-588-0286 fax 
cell 
EFTA00664545

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664546.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 11:19:15 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
PA says to Starling: 
"No. Nasty dirty little bird that flocks and shits." 
Original Message 
From: Wmg•
imm
t 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Sent: 21 Feb 2011 01:35 
No , means money - starling ok 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 20, 2011, at 4:26 PM, 
> My company's new name: STERLING 
> PA agrees. 
> You agree ? 
wrote: 
EFTA00664546

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664547.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates 
To: 
" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 12:06:57 +0000 
Ugh!!! I guess u saw the post??? Do u need my help? Here if so 
Xoxo 
Me 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664547

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664548.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nicholas L.Ribis" 
To: <JEEvacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 12:51:06 +0000 
Jeffrey - at least u look good and ur friends love u - in NY on cel 
Nick 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message is being sent by Resorts International Casinos. This e-mail and 
any attachments are confidential and proprietary. If you are not the intended recipient, be aware that any 
disclosure, copying, distribution or use of this e-mail or any attachment is prohibited. 
If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify us immediately by returning it to the sender and deleting 
the copy from your system. 
Thank you. 
EFTA00664548

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664549.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "The Duke"
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 13:02:10 +0000 
I'll call in about 30 mins 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (maittoleevacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: 21 February 2011 12:59 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
understand that a photo of you and I is front page ny post. lets talk today. 212 772 9416 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664549

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664550.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates aa> 
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 13:01:06 +0000 
U r on the cover with andrew not farkas 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates 
Sent: Mon Feb 21 07:57:34 2011 
Subject: Re: 
have not seen it. 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 7:06 AM, Faith Kates c:e 
wrote: 
Ugh!!! I guess u saw the post??? Do u need my help? Here if so 
Xoxo 
Me 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664550
--- PAGE 2 ---
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664551

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664552.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 13:44:17 +0000 
YUP did you see it... 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Monday, February 21, 2011 8:35 AM 
To: Faith Kates 
Subject: Re: 
uh oh 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 8:01 AM, Faith Kates < 
U r on the cover with andrew not farkas 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: Faith Kates 
Sent: Mon Feb 21 07:57:34 2011 
Subject: Re: 
have not seen it. 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 7:06 AM, Faith Kates < 
Ugh!!! I guess u saw the post??? Do u need my help? Here if so 
Xoxo 
Me 
wrote: 
wrote: 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be 
proprietary or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, 
please notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a 
safe, secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could 
subject you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies 
are not responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00664552
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information. some or all of which. may be proprietary or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient 
only. If you have received this message by error. please notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You. the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a 
safe, secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject you to penalties described in Federal and State 
law. Next Management. LLC and any affiliate companies are not responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664553

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664554.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 14:05:51 +0000 
Yes I am whats a good time for you 
On 21 Feb 2011, at 09:04 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
are you in ny today,. lets meet. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
NOTE: This e-mail message is subject to the Dubai World Group disclaimer see 
http://www.dubaiworld.ae/email_disclaimer 
EFTA00664554

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664555.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 14:08:48 +0000 
Great at your house I will come alone 
On 21 Feb 2011, at 09:07 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
pm? lunch.? 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 9:05 AM, Sultan Bin Sulayem < 
wrote: 
Yes I am whats a good time for you 
On 21 Feb 2011, at 09:04 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
are you in ny today,. lets meet. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
NOTE: This e-mail message is subject to the Dubai World Group disclaimer see 
httplAvww.dubaiworld.ae/email_disclaimer 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00664555
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
NOTE: This e-mail message is subject to the Dubai World Group disclaimer see 
http://www.dubaiworld.ae/email_disclaimer 
EFTA00664556

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664557.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jennie Saunders" 
To: ca, 
cleevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 14:14:40 +0000 
Hi Les - Can Jeffrey please meet us at 4 instead of 430 today for treatment ... 
CORE: 
Founder & Chairman 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 212 486 6600 I 
Mobile: 
I wwvv.coreaccess.net 
EFTA00664557

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664558.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jennie Saunders" < 
To: <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 14:17:40 +0000 
Thanks Ill 
CORE: Jennie Saunders I Founder & Chairman I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 212 486 6600 I Mobile: 
  I www.coreaccess.net I 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, February 21, 2011 09:16 AM 
To: Jennie Saunders 
Subject: Re: 
yes 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 9:14 AM, Jennie Saunders < 
> wrote: 
Hi Les - Can Jeffrey please meet us at 4 instead of 430 today for treatment ... 
CORE: Jennie 
under & Chairman I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 212 486 
6600 I Mobile 
I www.coreaccess.net 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664558

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664559.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 14:28:03 +0000 
Ok 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 21, 2011, at 9:07 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
pm? lunch.? 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 9:05 AM, Sultan Bin Sulayem < 
wrote: 
Yes I am whats a good time for you 
On 21 Feb 2011, at 09:04 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
are you in ny today,. lets meet. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
NOTE: This e-mail message is subject to the Dubai World Group disclaimer see 
httplAvww.dubaiworld.ae/email disclaimer 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00664559
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
NOTE: This e-mail message is subject to the Dubai World Group disclaimer see 
http://www.dubaiworld.ae/email_disclaimer 
EFTA00664560

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664561.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin < 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: BBC News - Key breast cancer 'driver' gene found 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 14:47:11 +0000 
Importance Normal 
ok 
Subject: Re: BBC News - Key breast cancer 'driver' gene found 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Sun 20 Feb 2011 20:32:37 -0500 
To: 
Ny 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 20, 2011, at 6:23 PM, Eva Dubin <I
do you want to come for lunch or dinner tomorrow?? 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 12:01:08 -0400 
Subject: Re: BBC News - Key breast cancer 'driver' gene found 
From: jeevacation@qmail.com 
To:  
> wrote: 
too late.. made other plans. 
On Sun, Feb 20, 2011 at 11:04 AM, Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
Come and visit!! 
Big dinner at our house tonight. My parents , my brother his wife and child and Ola and his wife plus kids. 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 10:40:16 -0400 
Subject: Re: BBC News - Key breast cancer 'driver gene found 
From: jeevacation@qmail.com 
To: 
carib 
On Sun, Feb 20, 2011 at 10:38 AM, Eva Dubin < 
we are in Anguilla. Where are you? 
> wrote: 
Subject: Re: BBC News - Key breast cancer 'driver' gene found 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Sat, 19 Feb 2011 10:02:43 -0400 
To: 
Cell phone 
EFTA00664561
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 19, 2011, at 9:00 AM, Eva Dubin < 
where are you? 
> wrote: 
Date: Fri, 18 Feb 2011 22:08:10 -0400 
Subject: Fwd: BBC News - Key breast cancer 'driver' gene found 
From: jeevacation©qmail.com 
To: 
Forwarded message
From: 
Date: Fri, Feb 18, 2011 at 9:43 PM 
Subject: BBC News - Key breast cancer 'driver' gene found 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationesmail.com> 
http://www.bbc.co.ukinews/mobile/health-12503798 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664562
--- PAGE 3 ---
*********************************************************** 
The information contained In this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-dient privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
induding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664563

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664564.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664564.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 14:52:28 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
I spoke to Tony, can I call you now??? 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 09:22:54 -0500 
To: Darren Indyke 
›; lvjet< 
Subject: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664564

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664565.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 15:38:32 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Hi Jeffrey, 
can't do today, she arrives and goes straight to work.. Little Katya is free anytime after 3 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 14:42:11 -0400 
To:
Subject: Re: 
sorry 10 tonight 
On Sun, Feb 20 2011 at 2:04 PM, < 
wrote: 
Ok, I will ask 
hen she calls me back. So tonight 11 pm confirmed with Katya 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 14:00:41 -0400 
To:
Subject: Re: 
we can do new=tomorow at 5 
On Sun, Feb 20, 2011 at 1:31 PM, < 
> wrote: 
Ok, then I will go. Little katya is working tonight and will be free tomorrow after 3pm. Another Katya (from 
my city) can do tonight. 
Jenya is still in Houston, coming back tomorrow, I will ask her! 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2011 13:24:24 -0400 
To: Irina< 
Subject: Re: 
its a good time to go.. i can have either katya tonight at II and new 
tomoorow at 1030 
On Sun, Feb 20, 2011 at 1:09 PM, Irina 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, how are you? I want to ask you for advice, I plan to go to Russia to visit my parents for a week from 
February 26th to March 7th, do you think its a good time and I will not miss something exciting? I remember you 
said that March 15th is the time when something can happen, and I will definitely be back by then.. 
EFTA00664565
--- PAGE 2 ---
When are you back to New York? 
**** ********** 
****** 
********************** 
***************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00664566
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664567

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664568.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 
15:59:07 +0000 
Thanks. I'll save that coupon for my 30th 
From: Jeffre E stein < eevacation@gmail.com> 
To: I= 
< 
Sent: Mon 
:19:13 AM 
Subject: 
HBD - -a classic is yours for the asking 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664568

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664569.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 16:08:45 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
When can I call you ? 
EFTA00664569

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664570.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Matthew I. Menchel"
To: "Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacatien@gmail.com)" -jecvacatien@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 16:50:53 +0000 
Let me know what works for you and we can have a call. 
Matthew I. Menchel 
+1 305 967 6108 
KOBRE & KIM LLP 
New York I London I Hong Kong I Washington DC I Miami 
This e-mail message is from Kobre s Kim LLP, a law firm, and may contain legally privileged 
and/or confidential information. If the reader of this message is not the intended 
recipient(s), or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended 
recipient(s), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this 
e-mail message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please 
notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail message and any attachments from your 
computer without retaining a copy. 
IRS Circular 230 disclosure: Any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
attachments or enclosures) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for 
the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, 
marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed in this 
communication. (The foregoing disclaimer has been affixed pursuant to U.S. Treasury 
regulations governing tax practitioners.) 
EFTA00664570

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664571.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern c
l=== 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: China 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 17:44:04 +0000 
13esin forwarded message: 
From: "Slaughter, Lawrence" < 
Date: 21 February 2011 17:18:22 GMT 
To: " 
"a
Subject: Re: China 
David, 
It was a very interesting session - thanks for your time. 
As a practical next step, let us keep talking about Deutsche Bahn. 
Regards, 
Larry 
Original Message  
From: 
To: Slaughter, Lawrence 
Sent: Mon Feb 21 16:11:40 2011 
Subject: China 
Larry, 
Great pleasure meeting you. Thank you for your time. 
All the best 
David 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and 
conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of 
securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, 
confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, 
available at http://wwwjpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email.
EFTA00664571

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664572.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: mark fisher <MIMIII
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 18:17:08 +0000 
If it's good to be the King 
Then it mustn't be so bad to be the Prince.:) 
Hope that you are well 
Mark 
EFTA00664572

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664573.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664573.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Matthew I. Menchel"
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 18:18:55 +0000 
What number? 
Matthew I. Menchel 
+1 305 967 6108 
KOBRE & KIM LLP 
New York I London I Hong Kong I Washington DC I Miami 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, February 21, 2011 12:35 PM 
To: Matthew I. Menchel 
Subject: Re: 
now? 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 11:50 AM, Matthew I. Menchel < 
wrote: 
Let me know what works for you and we can have a call. 
Matthew I. Menchel 
+I 305 967 6108 
KOBRE & KIM LLP 
New York I London I Hong Kong I Washington DC I Miami 
This e-mail message is from Kobre & Kim LLP, a law firm, and may contain legally 
privileged and/or confidential information. If the reader of this message is not the 
intended recipient(s), or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to 
the intended recipient(s), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
copying of this e-mail message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message 
in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail message and any 
attachments from your computer without retaining a copy. 
IRS Circular 230 disclosure: Any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
attachments or enclosures) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for 
the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, 
marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed in this 
communication. (The foregoing disclaimer has been affixed pursuant to U.S. Treasury 
regulations governing tax practitioners.) 
EFTA00664573
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This e-mail message is from Kobre S Kim LLP, a law firm, and may contain legally 
privileged and/or confidential information. If the reader of this message is not the 
intended recipient(s), or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to 
the intended recipient(s), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
copying of this e-mail message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message 
in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail message and any 
attachments from your computer without retaining a copy. 
IRS Circular 230 disclosure: Any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
attachments or enclosures) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for 
the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, 
marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed in this 
communication. (The foregoing disclaimer has been affixed pursuant to U.S. Treasury 
regulations governing tax practitioners.) 
EFTA00664574

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664575.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 19:09:15 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Back in NY...finally. How are u? 
Sent via BlacicBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 14 Feb 2011 08:00:52 -0500 
To: 
Subject: 
hope today is fun for you 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664575

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664576.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: Rich Kahn 
Subject: LSJ: GYM Steam cleaned 
Date: Mon, 23 Jan 2017 20:21:05 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_9700.JPG; IMG_9702.JPG; IMG_9703.JPG; IMG_9704.JPG; IMG_9705.JPG; 
IMG_9706.JPG; IMG_9707.JPG; IMG_9708.JPG; IMG_9709.JPG; IMG_9710.JPG; 
IMG_97 1 LJPG; IMG_9719.JPG; IMG_9720.JPG; IMG_9721.JPG 
EFTA00664576
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ann R.gi 
EFTA00664577

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664578.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 19:11:43 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Back in NY...finally. How are u? 
Sent via BlacicBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 14 Feb 2011 08:00:52 -0500 
To: 
Subject: 
hope today is fun for you 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664578

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664579.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664579.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 19:52:14 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Call me if it remains an issue 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 10:55:03 -0500 
To: Martin Weinberg< 
Subject: 
there are two guys sittiing outside in a car, waiting for me. i think they may be process servers... another 
edwards case.?? do i call the police and ask them to investigate.? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664579

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664580.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 20:55:43 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Tried calling. When can I call you again? 
EFTA00664580

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664581.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664581.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 21:25:06 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Should I send Jes a short note saying I had a good meeting? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 15:56:21 -0500
To: <I 
Subject: Re: 
now 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 3:55 PM, < 
> wrote: 
Tried calling. When can I call you again? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664581

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664582.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 21:51:27 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Anything? 
Where are you? 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 10:55:03 -0500 
To: Martin Weinberg< 
Subject: 
there are two guys sittiing outside in a car, waiting for me. i think they may be process servers... another 
edwards case.?? do i call the police and ask them to investigate.? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664582

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664583.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 22:03:46 +0000 
Can you call me at 425-497-4390 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto 
Sent: Monday, February 21, 2011 1:58 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic (bgC3) 
Subject: 
can you talk? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664583

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664584.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: "Jeffrey Epstein (jeeyacation@gmailsom)" <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 22:21:53 +0000 
Attachments: Gates-Myhryold_TED_inyitation_drafLjpg 
From: Larry Cohen [mallto: 
Sent: Tuesday, February 15, 2011 12:29 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic (bgC3) 
Subject: 
Ij 
EFTA00664584

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664585.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664585.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 22:37:05 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Should I send 
a short note saying I had a good meeting? 
EFTA00664585

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664586.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Martin Weinberg"
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: CONFIDENTIAL 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 22:41:21 +0000 
I'm at 
f I can help.
Original Message 
From: Jeffre E stein 
To: 
Sent: Monday, February 21, 2011 4:55 PM 
Subject: Re: 
ny post photograohers. i didn;t go out, 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 4:51 PM, <I 
l> wrote: 
Anything? 
Where are you? 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 10:55:03 -0500 
To: Martin Weinberg< 
Subject: 
there are two guys sittiing outside in a car, waiting for me. i think they may be process servers... another 
edwards case.?? do i call the police and ask them to investigate.? 
******************************************* 
**************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664586
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664587

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664588.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: JE Jail <*eevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 
22:44:19 +0000 
thk you for the cake and muffin 
EFTA00664588

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664589.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates 
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 23:22:25 +0000 
Do u want to talk??? 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664589

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664590.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates <t
> 
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 23:36:37 +0000 
2127544288 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates 
Sent: Mon Feb 21 18:33:08 2011 
Subject: Re: 
give me anumber 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 6:22 PM, Faith Kates 
wrote: 
Do u want to talk??? 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
EFTA00664590
--- PAGE 2 ---
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664591

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664592.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 00:22:48 +0000 
Please try to send me docs to Bill (if possible before I leave for NYC on Thursday). 
Just got call from Elis and Joanna Rubenstein — they want to see me this weekend. They invited me for a dinner on Friday 
but I have already other plans. 
Would you like to meet them on Saturday afternoon. You and me can go to their place. 
I know that it is not something that you like but it will help to build a relationship. Both of them have an incredible 
network of scientists worldwide. 
B 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jemecation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Monday, February 21, 2011 1:58 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic (bgC3) 
Subject: 
can you talk? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664592

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664593.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Gmax" 
To: leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 00:35:03 +0000 
Call me back am at the office 2125356833 where are you 
EFTA00664593

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664594.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: LA/S76 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 01:28:26 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Jeffrey, 
Midcoast St Luis can except the plane Friday afternoon to start work, Larry Morrison is working price package 
and overtime with goal of completing by March 4th,. 
Sikorsky LA area, Chris Shurkus will have answer tomorrow whether their is S76 operator they can cut a deal 
with for use,. 
Thx, 
Lany 
Sent via BlackBeny by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 19:12:05 -0500 
To: Ivjetc: 
Subject: 
heli - los angesles. ? , midcoast 7 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664594

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664595.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re[4]: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 02:05:12 +0000 
hi, Jeffrey)miss you... i was waiting all day your call, are you ok? are you in city? 
EFTA00664595

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664596.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Valerie Post clIMI=I> 
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 02:07:36 +0000 
Just landed. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
To: Valerie Post 
Sent: Mon Feb 21 17:27:S9 2011 
Subject: 
back? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email has been scanned by the MessageLabs Email Security System. 
For more information please visit http://www.messagelabs.com/email 
EFTA00664596

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664597.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: LA/S76 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 02:59:11 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Oh, very good, 
So Friday or Monday input is good, if you decide for me to drop you in LA, then continue to Midcoast,. No rush 
to decide, we'll reserve the input for Friday,.no overtime,. 
Thx 
Sent via BlacicBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 21:42:00 -0500 
To: 'la 
Subject: Re: LA/S76 
no„ i wouldn't need the plane until the 17th 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 8:28 PM, <IMI
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Midcoast St Luis can except the plane Friday afternoon to start work, Larry Morrison is working price package 
and overtime with goal of completing by March 4th,. 
Sikorsky LA area, Chris Shurkus will have answer tomorrow whether their is S76 operator they can cut a deal 
with for use,. 
Thx, 
Larry 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 19:12:05 -0500 
To: lvjet< 
Subject: 
heli - los angesles. ? , midcoast ? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00664597
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664598

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664599.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664599.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 03:08:07 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Back to ny. Again immigration service(( but evr worked... 
So can I see u tmw?! 
Kisss 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA00664599

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664600.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664600.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jennie Saunders" < 
To: <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 03:10:51 +0000 
Can you come in tomorrow in the morning for appointment ...8 or 9 am ? 
Jennie Saunders 
Founder & Chairman I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 212 486 
6600 I Mobile: 
I www.coreaccess.net I 
EFTA00664600

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664601.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 03:10:57 -000O 
happy presidents day 
EFTA00664601

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664602.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jennie Saunders" < 
To: <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 03:11:37 +0000 
> 
Or 10 or 1030 ish 
Jennie Saunder 
Chairman I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 212 486 
6600 I Mobile: 
I www.coreaccess.net I 
EFTA00664602

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664603.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 05:38:45 +0000 
Can't get hold of jen, maybe she came and got stuck outside? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664603

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664604.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Boris Nikolic (bgC3)" 
To: Jeffrey E stein <jeevacation0::gmail.com 
< 
' 
Subject: Introduction 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 06:34:14 +0000 
PI 
It is my pleasure to make this introduction 
Jeffrey - meet Steve and Lawrence, S&L meet Jeffrey 
As I told you Steve and Lawrence are my dear friends who are working with interesting real estate properties in Europe 
that you and your friends might be interested in. They leave between Paris, London and DC. 
Steve and Lawrence — Jeffrey is part of my family (that I always wanted to have but was not that lucky genetically ;) 
We almost had a chance to all meet during that dinner in Paris. Sorry that it did not work — next time for sure. 
You guys should plan to meet. Jeffrey is probably be in Paris March 6th or so for few days. Steve and Lawrence — try to 
arrange to meet as Jeffrey is very easily changing his schedule (if there is not much interesting and/or beautiful things to 
keep his focus). 
All the best 
Boris 
EFTA00664604

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664605.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664605.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Boris Nikolic (bgC3)" ‹
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation(kgmail.com> 
Subject: Thursday 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 06:48:22 +0000 
HI lee 
Just looked at my flight Seattle- JFK on Thursday and noticed that I arrive to NYC later than what I told you (not 6:50pm 
EST but PST — which is 9:50PST). So it would be too late for a dinner as I will not be in the city before 10:30pm. 
Would you like Friday lunch? 
Also you did not answer me email re meeting with Elis and Joanna Rubenstein on Saturday 3pm? 
EFTA00664605

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664606.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein ctla 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 06:55:24 +0000 
Hello Jeffrey! 
I am good thank you, my flight was good despite the fact that it was 2 
days long. thank you for your help very much! 
I didnt have my Internet, from today it is working.I tried to call 
but ineffective but she got my text message. Give me your skype 
name if you can. I am missing you very much, it is like I moved to 
another planet and everybody is dead here! want to come back so bad! 
tell me about you, are you ok? waiting you here very very much! 
kiss and hug! 
how is your 12 , 3 pm, 5 pm ? 
I hate them 
EFTA00664606

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664607.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Mon, 27 Mar 2017 14:40:40 +0000 
I am having bad jet lag. 
In NYC until 2pm when I leave for Boston (Board dinner and a mtg). 
The rest of this week is bad - Wed board mtg in SF, Thursday board mtg in San Diego and on Friday Seattle for a 
week. 
Should be back in NYC week of April 10th. Are you around? 
Sorry to miss you today 
How are you? 
B 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, March 25, 2017 10:30 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: 
Monday nes York 
On Sat, Mar 25, 2017 at 10:29 AM Boris Nikolic <1 
I am in Kyoto. 
Flying tmr at 4pm for NYC. Arriving Sunday 10pm. 
You? 
B 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
> wrote: 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: 3/25/2017 23:23 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
Today? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00664607
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664608

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664609.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Seth Lloyd < 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 27 Mar 2017 14:30:16 +0000 
Indeed it was awesome. 
Seth 
On Sun, Mar 26, 2017 at 11:28 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Thx great fun 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664609

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664610.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff
To: Jefffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 27 Mar 2017 14:27:33 +0000 
is available up to 4:30pm today and tomorrow...or after 9pm tonight or 7pm tomorrow.
Please advise if you would like to schedule 
in today/tomorrow and time... 
EFTA00664610

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664611.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 27 Mar 2017 12:30:10 +0000 
Wanted to share this with you:) https://youtu.be/E_cZnJQ5goI 
It's from a concert last Friday March 24th at Kaunas State Philharmonic. 
Cannot wait to finally see you!! Kisses! 
EFTA00664611

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664612.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern <MMINI=> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 21 Jan 2017 16:12:05 +0000 
Where can we meet next 14 days? 
LSJ, NYC etc all ok for me 
EFTA00664612

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664613.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664613.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: How to loose your job as a TV Host 
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2011 18:55:50 +0000 
Attachments: how_to_lose_yourjob_as_a_TV_host.wmv 
> How to loose your job as a TV Host 
EFTA00664613

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664614.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664614.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 08:24:51 +0000 
Hi. How are your days in NY ? When will you be in Paris ? 
EFTA00664614

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664615.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mail Delivery Subsystem 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Delivery Status Notification (Failure) 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 11:35:51 +0000 
Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently: 
Technical details of permanent failure: 
Google tried to deliver your message, but it was rejected by the recipient domain. We recommend contacting the 
other email provider for further information about the cause of this error. The error that the other server returned 
was: 550 550 5.7.1 Recipient not authorized, your IP has been found on a block list (state 14). 
Original message 
MIME-Version: 1.0 
Received: by 10.223.78.138 with SMTP id 110mr3328412fak.17.1298374544977; Tue, 
Feb 2011 03:35:44 -0800 (PST) 
Received: by 10.223.125.80 with HTTP; Tue, 22 Feb 2011 03:35:44 -0800 (PST) 
In-Reply-To: 
<EAEA46EAC93E254FBFAB3A9DE3C15365AD063F8A8F@EMSMBXCLS0l.seattle.main.gatesfoundation. 
org> 
References: 
<EAEA46EAC93E254FBFAB3A9DE3C15365AD063F8A8F@EMSMBXCLS0l.seattle.main.gatesfoundation. 
org> 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 06:35:44 -0500 
Message-ID: 
Subject: Re: Thursday 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation 
ail.com> 
To: "Boris Nikolic (bgC3)" 
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary=20cf3054a37d891021049cdd61de 
I wil have my schedule late in the day. I had planned to leave fr morning 
, but will stay to see you. not sure ahout sat. 
On Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 1:48 AM, Boris Nikolic (bgC3) < 
wrote: 
> HI Jee 
> Just looked at my flight Seattle- JFK on Thursday and noticed that I arrive 
> to NYC later than what I told you (not 6:50pm EST but PST — which is 
> 9:50PST). So it would be too late for a dinner as I will not be in the city 
> before 10:30pm. 
EFTA00664615
--- PAGE 2 ---
> Would you like Friday lunch? 
> Also you did not answer me email re meeting with Elis and Joanna Rubenstein 
> on Saturday 3pm? 
>B 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664616

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664617.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mail Delivery Subsystem 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Delivery Status Notification (Failure) 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 11:37:44 +0000 
Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently: 
Technical details of permanent failure: 
Google tried to deliver your message, but it was rejected by the recipient domain. We recommend contacting the 
other email provider for further information about the cause of this error. The error that the other server returned 
was: 550 550 5.7.1 Recipient not authorized, your IP has been found on a block list (state 14). 
Original message 
MIME-Version: 1.0 
Received: by 10.223.87.75 with SMTP id vIlmr3263354fal.131.1298374654323; Tue, 
Feb 2011 03:37:34 -0800 (PST) 
Received: by 10.223.125.80 with HTTP; Tue, 22 Feb 2011 03:37:34 -0800 (PST) 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 06:37:34 -0500 
Message-ID: 
Subject: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <'eevacation 
ail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary=20cf3054a4d50e6b75049cdd6841 
your mail comes back as undeliverable? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664617

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664618.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Flight time 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 12:46:41 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Jeffrey, 
Flight time LSJ-Zorro is 6+10min yes non stop is ok. Head wind average today is 62kts,. 
Should Dave and I head back to NY today, or wait till I hear from you? 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
EFTA00664618

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664619.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664619.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Olga 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 13:09:10 +0000 
I got this message from Olga in the night at 1.20 
Dear Sue, Im sorry for bothering you, can you please ask Jeffrey should I come tomorrow? I just want to make 
sure, if he has time to see me tomorrow. Thank you. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664619

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664620.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664620.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates <I 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 13:34:26 +0000 
Simple is not an answer we can work out the details later acct and lawyer said we can do it as an advance and then define 
in writing anything easy isn't worth doing u know that better than anyone...I don't want to loose this as I have seen 100 
places and none compare none... 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, February 22, 2011 8:33 AM 
To: Faith Kates 
Subject: Re: Re: 
nothing is simple 
On Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 8:31 AM, Faith Kates <I 
I> wrote: 
Lucky for you the knicks made a trade...this is what is on today's cover of both papers my god!! Can you give me an 
answer today please a simple yes or no I have to get back to everyone. 
Xoxo 
me 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:jeevaSgmail.com 
Sent: Monday, February 21, 2011 6:33 PM 
To: Faith Kates 
Subject: Re: 
give me anumber 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 6:22 PM, Faith Kates <I 
Do u want to talk??? 
> wrote: 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which, may be proprietary 
or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please 
notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe, 
secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject 
you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00664620
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information. some or all of which. may be proprietary or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient 
only. If you have received this message by error, please notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the recipient. are obligated to maintain it in a 
safe. secure. and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject you to penalties described in Federal and State 
law. Next Management. LLC and any affiliate companies are not responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information. some or all of which. may be proprietary or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient 
only. If you have received this message by error, please notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You. the recipient. are obligated to maintain it in a 
safe. secure. and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject you to penalties described in Federal and State 
law. Next Management. LLC and any affiliate companies are not responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA00664621

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664622.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664622.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "The Duke"
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 13:36:25 +0000 
Amanda and I think he's totally confused and doesn't know what to do. Although Amanda thinks 
that sometimes he's getting the run around. However I tend to believe he's totally missing the 
point. 
I have offered him a deal of 25% of the total amount of his claim against I. Although the 
accountants and Amanda do not believe that the amount to be genuine or correct. He is being 
really difficult over Columbia university fees. However I understand that these have been paid 
and are no longer an issue (the reason that I is now in the mess she's in because she was trying 
to find a way of getting the money to pay for him to continue in university) 
Amanda understands from J that he hasn't signed anything because he doesn't understand that 
the signature you are after from him does not relate to the deal with me. He needs to understand 
that my deal is completely sacrosanct and cast iron whatever the deal he does with you is. I am 
only trying to find a way to solve his problem so I can continue with her life. If he persists in 
this vein he's not going to get anything because my accountants will be able to crawl all over his 
claims (which I have prevented so far because I am trying to give him the best deal I can) 
however my patience is running out. 
I don't know of any lawyer that would have anything to do with him but we can but ask and I 
will ask Amanda to find out. 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:jeevacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: 22 February 2011 13:07 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
johnny has not returned calls... we need to know if has a lawyer that will hold. signed doc.tis 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00664622
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664623

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664624.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Warwick Wicksman
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: :Mir 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 14:16:03 +0000 
< 
>, Tom Sze 
Gary, did you get more directionfinfo after your meeting with the fabricator last week? 
Thanks, 
Warwick Wicksman 
Principal 
Sent from my BlackBerry Device. 
From: Warwick Wicksman 
To: 'jeevacation@gmail.com' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
 < 
Sent: Tue Feb 22 06:14:03 2011 
Subject: Re: 
Ok. 
Thanks, 
Warwick Wicksman 
Principal 
Sent from my BlackBerry Device. 
>; Tom Sze 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Warwick Wicksman 
Cc: 
Sent: Tue Feb 22 06:11:40 2011 
Subject: Re: 
perspectivee„images.. please. tom sent pergolas photos , but not relevant to hurricane environsments 
On Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 9:06 AM, Warwick Wicksman < 
wrote: 
We have sent several versions over the past month, focusing on the overall layout of the main residence. Will be sending 
the latest when I get in this morning. 
Thanks, 
Warwick Wicksman 
Principal 
Sent from my BlackBerry Device. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation(agmail.com>
To: Warwick Wicksman 
Cc: Gary Kemey < 
Sent: Tue Feb 22 04:48:27 2011 
Subject: 
i haven't seen any new plans for the pool„ It has been almost seven weeks. since tom was on the island. 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA00664624
--- PAGE 2 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664625

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664626.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 14:23:09 , 0000 
cacao! 
cacao! 
cacao! 
On Feb 22, 2011, at 4:29 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
where mine was same to you. i can't figure yours out 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 10:34 PM, 
hlitsggtgofilu 
On Feb 21, 2011, at 10:26 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
sty 
On Mon, Feb 21, 2011 at 10:10 PM, 
happy presidents day 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
wrote: 
EFTA00664626
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664627

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664628.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nicholas L.Ribis" 
To: "Jeffrey epstein" leevacation®gmail.cotn> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 14:28:15 +0000 
I'm in ny all day if 11 want to get together 
*WWW**WWW**WWW*****************WWW**WWW*******WWW**WWW**WWW* 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message is being sent by Resorts International Casinos. This 
e-mail and any attachments are confidential and proprietary. If you are not the intended 
recipient, be aware that any disclosure, copying, distribution or use of this e-mail or any 
attachment is prohibited. 
If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify us immediately by returning it to 
the sender and deleting the copy from your system. 
Thank you. 
*www**www**www*****************www**www**www*******www**www* 
EFTA00664628

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664629.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jennie Saunders"
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 14:29:40 +0000 
Want to come now ? 
CORE: Jennie Saunders Founder & Chairman 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 212 486 
6600 I Mobile: 
I 
I www.coreaccess.net 
EFTA00664629

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664630.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "'Jeffrey Epstein"' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 14:31:22 +0000 
Oh god — did I teach the man nothing? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto 
Sent: 22 February 2011 11:34 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
no„ but he is wearing sneakers. 
On Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 5:58 AM, 
wrote: 
Hi sweetpea - There was a picture of you and Andrew in the paper yesterday — are you two wearing the same 
jacket? 
Back from Dubai — place is terrifying, but it was warm 
had a great time — who knew you could go 
skiing in a shopping mall? Miss you x 
******* *********************** 
***************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
No virus found in this message. 
Checked by AVG - www.avg.com 
Version: 10.0.1204/ Virus Database: 1435/3459 - Release Date: 02/22/11 
EFTA00664630

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664631.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 14:41:19 +0000 
Got a message from 
saying she is just finishing her workout and then she is coming 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664631

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664632.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664632.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Steeve Giraud < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 14:57:47 +0000 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Good to hear from you. We are looking forward to meeting you. Please give us a call on + 
Best regards, 
RSteeve et Lawrence 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
Le 22 few. 2011 a 10:31, Jeffrey Epstein < 
> a ecrit : 
Can I get a phone contact.? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
or 
EFTA00664632

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664633.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 15:07:55 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
I will have new soon! 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 10:02:32 -0500 
To:
Subject: Re: 
no„ its ok 
On Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 10:00 AM, < 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
I asked new 
she wants to see you but doesn't feel good today.. Should I ask old Mt 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 09:52:43 -0500 
To: Irina< 
Subject: 
new 
6? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664633
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664634

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664635.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Barry Josephson <M=IMMI
> 
To: leevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 16:21:48 +0000 
Fuck the ny post! They couldn't even get the Carmelo Anthony trade right! 
On my way to Miami today. 
See you soon. 
Best, 
Barry J 
EFTA00664635

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664636.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664636.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Mitchell
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 10 Jul 2017 20:46:17 +0000 
can I report to you in the morning will have better information, 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
801 Madison Avenue 
New York NY 10065 
USA 
1212-486-4444 
On Jul 10, 2017, at 3:17 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
progress? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664636

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664637.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664637.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 16:47:25 +0000 
Great;) what color you think it would be good?;) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 22, 2011, at 11:00 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
white canvas. dark wood 
On Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 10:53 AM, 
wrote: 
Hi there;)) 
How are you?! know you said a couple weeks I was just wondering if you can tell me what colors is the 
stuff?;)) I want to do the floor this week and I would like to have a nice color match;) 
Thank you 
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664637

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664638.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664638.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Re: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 17:00:26 +0000 
Color that makes you feel good 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 22, 2011, at 11:47 AM, 
wrote: 
Great;) what color you think it would be good?;) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 22, 2011, at 11:00 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
white canvas. dark wood 
On Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 10:53 AM, 
wrote: 
Hi there;)) 
How are you?I know you said a couple weeks I was just wondering if you can tell me what colors is the 
stuff?;)) I want to do the floor this week and I would like to have a nice color match;) 
Thank you 
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664638

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664639.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 17:04:55 +0000 
In that case I would have to paint pussy on the wall ;) haha 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 22, 2011, at 12:00 PM, jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Color that makes you feel good 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 22, 2011, at 11:47 AM, 
> wrote: 
Great;) what color you think it would be good?;) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 22, 2011, at 11:00 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
white canvas. dark wood 
On Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 10:53 AM, 
wrote: 
Hi there;)) 
How are you?! know you said a couple weeks I was just wondering if you can tell me what colors is the 
stuff'?;)) I want to do the floor this week and I would like to have a nice color match;) 
Thank you 
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA00664639
--- PAGE 2 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664640

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664641.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Tancredi Marchiolo" 
To: <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
ny 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 17:21:25 +0000 
Attachments: IMG00007-20110128-2353.jpg 
and 
are in ny next week. (Girls I brought to 
Can I give them your #? 
Ciao! 
***********WWW*****************WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW************WWW**WWW 
This communication, including any attachments, is intended only for the use of the 
individual or entity to which it is addressed and contains information that is 
privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. 
Any dissemination, distribution, disclosure, copying, or other unauthorized use of 
or reliance upon the information contained herein in whole or in part is strictly 
prohibited and may be in violation of law. If you have received this communication 
in error, please immediately notify the system manager at postmaster@eim-uk.com or 
by reply email and permanently delete this message and any attachments from your 
system. The sender does not guarantee that the integrity of this communication has 
been maintained, or that this communication is free of viruses, interceptions or 
interference. The sender does not accept liability for any errors or omissions 
arising as a result of this transmission, or for any delay in its receipt or damage 
to your system. All incoming and outgoing e-mail of the sender may be retained, 
monitored and/or reviewed. As part of the compliance and surveillance of the 
business activities of the sender's firm, this message may be read by persons other 
than the intended recipients. This email communication should not be construed as a 
binding contract or legal agreement unless accompanied by hard-copy documents that 
have been executed by an approved and designated signatory of the firm. 
EIM (United Kingdom) Limited is authorised & regulated by the Financial Services 
Authority. EIM (United Kingdom) Limited is incorporated as a limited company in 
England and Wales with number 03284117; registered office: Devonshire House, 
Mayfair Place, London, W1J 8AJ. 
*******************************WWW**WWW*******WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW************WWW**WWW 
EFTA00664641

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664642.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664642.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 17:20:24 +0000 
says she is available to come any time you want 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664642

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664643.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664643.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Bella Klein" 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Dr. Magnani 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 18:07:54 +0000 
Attachments: SICMBT_C25311022213050.pdf 
Attached please find a statement from 
Please advise 
From: 
[mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, February 22, 2011 1:06 PM 
To: Bella Klein 
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
EFTA00664643

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664644.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664644.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Tancredi Marchiolo" cza. 
To: <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: IMG00007-20110128-2353.jpg 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 18:38:03 +0000 
Attachments: IMG00007-20110128-2353.jpg 
The 
in the photo, this is the only one I took. Many more on intemet. 
***********WWW*****************WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW************WWW**WWW 
This communication, including any attachments, is intended only for the use of the 
individual or entity to which it is addressed and contains information that is 
privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. 
Any dissemination, distribution, disclosure, copying, or other unauthorized use of 
or reliance upon the information contained herein in whole or in part is strictly 
prohibited and may be in violation of law. If you have received this communication 
in error, please immediately notify the system manager at postmaster@eim-uk.com or 
by reply email and permanently delete this message and any attachments from your 
system. The sender does not guarantee that the integrity of this communication has 
been maintained, or that this communication is free of viruses, interceptions or 
interference. The sender does not accept liability for any errors or omissions 
arising as a result of this transmission, or for any delay in its receipt or damage 
to your system. All incoming and outgoing e-mail of the sender may be retained, 
monitored and/or reviewed. As part of the compliance and surveillance of the 
business activities of the sender's firm, this message may be read by persons other 
than the intended recipients. This email communication should not be construed as a 
binding contract or legal agreement unless accompanied by hard-copy documents that 
have been executed by an approved and designated signatory of the firm. 
EIM (United Kingdom) Limited is authorised & regulated by the Financial Services 
Authority. EIM (United Kingdom) Limited is incorporated as a limited company in 
England and Wales with number 03284117; registered office: Devonshire House, 
Mayfair Place, London, W1J 8AJ. 
*******************************WWW**WWW*******WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW************WWW**WWW 
EFTA00664644

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664645.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664645.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Tancredi Marchiolo" cza. 
To: <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: IMG00011-20110130-1617.jpg 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 18:38:54 +0000 
Attachments: IMG00011-20110130-1617.jpg 
***********WWW*****************WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW************WWW**WWW 
This communication, including any attachments, is intended only for the use of the 
individual or entity to which it is addressed and contains information that is 
privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. 
Any dissemination, distribution, disclosure, copying, or other unauthorized use of 
or reliance upon the information contained herein in whole or in part is strictly 
prohibited and may be in violation of law. If you have received this communication 
in error, please immediately notify the system manager at postmaster@eim-uk.com or 
by reply email and permanently delete this message and any attachments from your 
system. The sender does not guarantee that the integrity of this communication has 
been maintained, or that this communication is free of viruses, interceptions or 
interference. The sender does not accept liability for any errors or omissions 
arising as a result of this transmission, or for any delay in its receipt or damage 
to your system. All incoming and outgoing e-mail of the sender may be retained, 
monitored and/or reviewed. As part of the compliance and surveillance of the 
business activities of the sender's firm, this message may be read by persons other 
than the intended recipients. This email communication should not be construed as a 
binding contract or legal agreement unless accompanied by hard-copy documents that 
have been executed by an approved and designated signatory of the firm. 
EIM (United Kingdom) Limited is authorised & regulated by the Financial Services 
Authority. EIM (United Kingdom) Limited is incorporated as a limited company in 
England and Wales with number 03284117; registered office: Devonshire House, 
Mayfair Place, London, W1J 8AJ. 
*******************************WWW**WWW*******WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW************WWW**WWW 
EFTA00664645

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664646.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664646.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Tancredi Marchiolo" cza. 
To: <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: IMG00014-20110131-1208jpg 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 18:41:39 +0000 
Attachments: IMG00014-20110131-1208jpg 
***********WWW*****************WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW************WWW**WWW 
This communication, including any attachments, is intended only for the use of the 
individual or entity to which it is addressed and contains information that is 
privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. 
Any dissemination, distribution, disclosure, copying, or other unauthorized use of 
or reliance upon the information contained herein in whole or in part is strictly 
prohibited and may be in violation of law. If you have received this communication 
in error, please immediately notify the system manager at postmaster@eim-uk.com or 
by reply email and permanently delete this message and any attachments from your 
system. The sender does not guarantee that the integrity of this communication has 
been maintained, or that this communication is free of viruses, interceptions or 
interference. The sender does not accept liability for any errors or omissions 
arising as a result of this transmission, or for any delay in its receipt or damage 
to your system. All incoming and outgoing e-mail of the sender may be retained, 
monitored and/or reviewed. As part of the compliance and surveillance of the 
business activities of the sender's firm, this message may be read by persons other 
than the intended recipients. This email communication should not be construed as a 
binding contract or legal agreement unless accompanied by hard-copy documents that 
have been executed by an approved and designated signatory of the firm. 
EIM (United Kingdom) Limited is authorised & regulated by the Financial Services 
Authority. EIM (United Kingdom) Limited is incorporated as a limited company in 
England and Wales with number 03284117; registered office: Devonshire House, 
Mayfair Place, London, W1J 8AJ. 
*******************************WWW**WWW*******WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW************WWW**WWW 
EFTA00664646

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664647.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Fw: Fwd: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 18:39:54 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Please advise 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 12:46:28 -0500 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Re: 
Hey Rich, 
FYI - email sent earlier to Amanda in the Duke's office and the Duchess. Let me know when you are free to 
talk about the escrow agreement. 
Thanks, 
John 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: February 22, 2011 12:15:59 PM EST 
To: Amanda Thirsk 
Cc: DoY US 
Subject: Re: 
Just spoke to Lesley and asked her to let Jeffrey know that I have reconfirmed with you that I am happy to 
move forward with an escrow agreement. Also called Rich the accountant to let him know the same thing. 
Will keep you posted! 
Johnny 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 22, 2011, at 6:24 AM, "Amanda Thirsk" < 
wrote: 
Johnny 
Can you please call me when you have a minute? 
Thanks 
Amanda 
EFTA00664647
--- PAGE 2 ---
Amanda Thirsk 
Deputy Private Secretary to 
HRH The Duke of York 
Tel: 
Mob: 
Royal Household Legal Disclaimer - This message and any attachments should only be read by those persons 
to whom it is addressed and be used by them for its intended purpose. The Royal Household cannot accept 
liability for statements made which are clearly the sender's own and not made on behalf of the Royal 
Household. Replies to this email address may be subject to interception or monitoring for operational reasons 
or for lawful business purposes. 
EFTA00664648

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664649.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Tancredi Marchiolo" ez
> 
To: 
Subject: IMG00013-20110131-1157.jpg 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 18:45:20 +0000 
Attachments: IMG00013-20110131-1157.jpg 
Full report now! • 
yrs old.... 
***********WWW*****************WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW************WWW**WWW 
This communication, including any attachments, is intended only for the use of the 
individual or entity to which it is addressed and contains information that is 
privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. 
Any dissemination, distribution, disclosure, copying, or other unauthorized use of 
or reliance upon the information contained herein in whole or in part is strictly 
prohibited and may be in violation of law. If you have received this communication 
in error, please immediately notify the system manager at postmaster@eim-uk.com or 
by reply email and permanently delete this message and any attachments from your 
system. The sender does not guarantee that the integrity of this communication has 
been maintained, or that this communication is free of viruses, interceptions or 
interference. The sender does not accept liability for any errors or omissions 
arising as a result of this transmission, or for any delay in its receipt or damage 
to your system. All incoming and outgoing e-mail of the sender may be retained, 
monitored and/or reviewed. As part of the compliance and surveillance of the 
business activities of the sender's firm, this message may be read by persons other 
than the intended recipients. This email communication should not be construed as a 
binding contract or legal agreement unless accompanied by hard-copy documents that 
have been executed by an approved and designated signatory of the firm. 
EIM (United Kingdom) Limited is authorised & regulated by the Financial Services 
Authority. EIM (United Kingdom) Limited is incorporated as a limited company in 
England and Wales with number 03284117; registered office: Devonshire House, 
Mayfair Place, London, W1J 8AJ. 
*******************************WWW**WWW*******WWW**WWW**WWW**WWW************WWW**WWW 
EFTA00664649

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664650.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
:) 
Date: Mon, 17 Jul 2017 23:27:17 +0000 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Jul 17. 2017 at 7:20:52 PM EDT 
To: 
It was wonderful! The car is fabulous, and Jojo is such a love. I was so shocked to hear that Lynn died. I just 
saw her last summer in your office. So sad. 
Jeffrey kindly called to check in in the midst of our day and I appreciate you touching base to make sure all 
went well. I planned to go by and see you and give your shoulders some attention, but Jojo said you weren't at 
the house. Sony to have missed you. 
I actually got out of the car for a quick meeting and let Dylan go alone with Jojo to her favorite grocery store, 
Fairway, and then be dropped back at the apartment. She felt like such a big girl! All made for a very 
memorable dis
t
Many thanks 
On Jul 17, 2017, at 6:00 PM, 
> wrote: 
Hi 
!! Just checking in! Did everything go well today with Jojo and driving you and Dylan!? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664650

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664651.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Whitman Asset Management (WAM)
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: WAM Global Macro Program - May 2017 Update 
Date: Mon, 17 Jul 2017 23:15:54 +0000 
Whitman Asset Management • May 2017 Performance Update 
r r 
View this email in your browser 
WAM Global Macro Program (2X and 1X) 
May 2017 Update 
2X 
Net Returns* 
May: 0.09% 
2017 YTD: -1.87% 
AROR: +7.23% 
2X 
Risk Metrics 
Sharpe: 1.14 
Volatility: 6.35% 
Max DD: 5.46% 
2X 
Nominal AUM 
Program: $0M** 
Firm: $40M 
Proprietary: $5M 
EFTA00664651
--- PAGE 2 ---
lx 
1X 
lx 
Net Returns* 
May: -0.12% 
2017 YTD: -1.76% 
AROR: +2.89% 
Risk Metrics 
Sharpe: 0.77 
Volatility: 3.78% 
Max DD: 3.91% 
Nominal AUM 
Program: $35M 
Firm: $40M 
Proprietary: $5M 
Download 2X Performance & Commentary 
Download 1X Performance & Commentary 
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS 
* Please see Performance Notes below 
** Current investors obtain leverage (2X+) via notional funding in the 1X 
Program 
Contact: 
Chuck Whitman 
Whitman Asset Management 
Performance Notes: The performance tables and charts herein contain the 
actual results of WAM proprietary accounts from Oct 2014 - Nov 2015 and 
client accounts from Dec 2015 forward. For the standard (1X) Program, gross 
returns have been pro-forma adjusted by 2% management and 20% incentive 
fees. For the 2X Program, gross returns have been pro-forma adjusted by 0% 
management and 35% incentive fees and for approximately twice the leverage 
of the standard Program. Program leverage is ultimately set by the investor 
via their option to fund the account notionally. 
Disclaimers: This message w/attachments is intended solely for the use of 
EFTA00664652
--- PAGE 3 ---
the intended recipient(s) and may contain information that is privileged, 
confidential or proprietary. If you are not an intended recipient, please notify 
the sender, and then please delete and destroy all copies and attachments, and 
be advised that any review or dissemination of, or the taking of any action in 
reliance on, the information contained in or attached to this message is 
prohibited. 
The WAM Global Macro Program is available only to "qualified eligible persons" 
as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7. Nothing set forth herein shall constitute an offer to 
sell any securities or constitute a solicitation of an offer to purchase any 
securities. Any such offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase shall be 
made only by formal offering documents. Each potential investor should read 
the formal offering documents in their entirety and should carefully consider 
the risks, warnings and disclosures. The information contained in this 
document is strictly confidential and supplied with the understanding that it will 
be held in confidence and not copied or disclosed to third parties without prior 
consent of Whitman Asset Management LLC. 
If this message contains estimated performance, the information has been 
obtained from or based upon sources believed by the sender to be reliable, but 
the sender does not represent or warrant its accuracy or completeness and is 
not responsible for losses or damages arising out of errors and/or omissions. 
Copyright O 2017 Whitman Asset Management, Al! rights reserved. 
Our mailing address is: 
Whitman Asset Management 
401 N. Michigan Avenue 
Suite 1910 
Chicago, IL 60611 
Add us to your address book 
Want to change how you receive these emails? 
You can update your  preferences or unsubscribe from this list 
EFTA00664653
--- PAGE 4 ---
R, Email Marketing 
Powered by MailChimp 
EFTA00664654

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664655.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Michael Wolff 
To: "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 23 Jan 2017 17:42:01 +0000 
I did three day inaugural slog. Somewhat interesting. 
On Mon, Jan 23, 2017 at 12:41 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
they came to see me.and go to inaugaration events instead just landed here in pb stay until thurs 
On Mon, Jan 23, 2017 at 12:39 PM, Michael Wolff < 
wrote: 
Let me try to set it up. How long will you be there? Did you do the Saudi trip? 
On Mon, Jan 23, 2017 at 12:36 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
im in palm , if roger is here? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664655

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664656.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MIMIII
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein 
Subject: Dr. Jim Watson 
Date: Mon, 23 Jan 2017 17:40:18 +0000 
Below from Maureen, Jim's assistant: 
Since Jim Watson will be in NYC on Wednesday, he asks if there's a convenient time that he might drop by to 
speak with Mr. Epstein. 
Thanks! 
Maureen 
EFTA00664656

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664657.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 18:51:50 +0000 
I have spoken to rich and explained the screens and he says they are recording. He says we probably have about 
a weeks worth of recording left. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664657

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664658.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Lull paperwork from Michael via Broker 
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2017 20:37:48 +0000 
Attachments: Lull_1044C-54_Series_11_specs.pdf; 
Quotation_and_information_requested_by_Mike_2014JLG_G10-
55A,_a_2012_Lull_1044C-54,_and_a_2013_Skytrak_10054.doc 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Michael Ross 
Subject: Lull 
Date: July 6, 2017 at 9:56:04 AM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn < 
>. Sheridan Head Mechanic 
>, Ann Rodriquez < 
Rich - This is the lull that Tap would like us to purchase. If you have time please give Bob a call. 
Thank you 
Michael 
Sent from Mail for Windows 10 
EFTA00664658

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664659.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn <I 
To: Vahe Stepanian < 
> 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield
 Joshua Shoshar
>, Darren 
Indyke 
,Jeanne Brennan 
Subject: Re: Trade Report 7/19/2017 [C] 
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2017 20:23:27 +0000 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 
On Jul 19, 2017, at 4:03 PM, Vahe Stepanian < 
Classification: Confidential 
wrote: 
Rich — today Southern Financial executed the following per my conversation with Darren: 
Bought to open 450 FXE Sept 113 Calls 
Sold to open 450 FXE Sept 110 Puts 
Net debit = $0.09/ct. 
Please let us know if you have questions. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
From: Richard Kahn Imailto 
Sent: Wednesday, July 19, 2017 3:40 PM 
To: Vahe Stepanian <.
> 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield
Subject: order we would like priced to do today before the close 
Buy 113 strike FXE call expiring Sept 15th 2017 
Sell 110 strike FXE put expiring Sept 15th 2017 
450 Contracts on each leg 
EFTA00664659
--- PAGE 2 ---
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the 
intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender 
immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA00664660

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664661.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: ann rodriquez 
Cc: Daphne Wallace < 
>, Michael Ross < 
Subject: Re: Smile 
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2017 19:48:18 +0000 
michael everyone trying to take advantage of you being new.. 
these items should be discussed in detail with anna then me and or daphne 
DO NOT take to JEE directly until you know all the facts as i could have told you jee response was same from 2 
months ago 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 
On Jul 19, 2017, at 3:45 PM, Ann Rodriquez < 
> wrote: 
Ann R. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: July 19, 2017 at 3:00:18 PM AST 
To: Michael Ross < 
>, ann rodriquez < 
Subject: Re: Smile 
have him talk to ana . he was getting school paid but then he started taking off at 2 pm . in addtion. not 
right 
On Wed, Jul 19, 2017 at 2:58 PM, Michael Ross < 
> wrote: 
Smile wanted me to ask you about his schooling he told me you were going to pay for it, 
is that correct? and if so he needs tuition by tomorrow. 
Michael Ross 
EFTA00664661
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664662

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664663.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Paul Barrett 
Cc: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Trade recap: FXE calls 
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2017 19:16:16 +0000 
Inline-Images: image003.jpg 
confirm of FXE calls trade 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Ens, Amanda" <i 
Subject: Trade recap: FXE calls 
Date: July 19, 2017 at 3:12:18 PM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn < 
Cc: Jeanne Brennan 
"Tome, Christine C" 
Rich, 
"Rothberg, Justin D" <=la 
>, "Mita, Yuriko - Eqty NY" 
Southern Trust Company bought 855 contracts FXE Oct 20th expiry 113 calls @ 1.14 gross, 1.17 net with $3/contract 
commission. 
Booked as an OTC listed option lookalike. 
Premium payable is $100,035.00. We will send payment instructions and the form to process the wire shortly. 
Thanks, 
Amanda 
Amanda Ens 
Director 
Bank of America Merrill Lynch 
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated 
One Bryant Park, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10036 
EFTA00664663
--- PAGE 2 ---
,:cid:image003.jpg©01D27B0E.95197D80 
This message, and any attachments, is for the intended recipient(s) 
only, may contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or 
proprietary and subject to important terms and conditions available 
at http://www.bankofamerica.com/emaildisclaimer. If you are not 
the intended recipient, please delete this message. 
EFTA00664664

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664665.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2017 18:48:18 +0000 
Jeffrey, 
Airlines where book,. I arrive tonight 8:30pm„ I'll ask Carlos if he can meet me, or upon our return to LSJ,. 
Sony to hear your disappointed„ a lot of stress and planning went into the refurbishment, 
Certainly will be an easy sale if you elect, should recover most monies spent I would think., 
Or good crew backup boat for LSJ„ 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 19, 2017, at 2:17 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what time do you land? you might want to review boat with carlos. . wow . many issues. leaks. 
windows. rubber. . ratlles. brokien fibrglass. still not cured. smells terrible inside. no easy way on or off. 
noisy poundig . You and I tried, we made a mistake. the boat is too old. and rickety to handle this chop. 
win some , lose some. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664665

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664666.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez • 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: GSJ Crash: Coast Guard and SeaTow on sight 
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2017 15:53:06 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_9006.JPG; IMG_9007.JPG 
Ann R.2 
EFTA00664666

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664667.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: hi 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 20:04:03 +0000 
what time? 
From: Je 
To: 
Sent: Tue, February 22, 2011 2:57:44 PM 
Subject: Re: hi 
tomorrow 
On Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 2:24 PM, 
Did you get my email re Arun? Am you able to have a conference call today or tomorrow ? 
wrote: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664667

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664668.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Matthew I. Menchel"
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 20:25:25 +0000 
Why don't we say 9 am? You can provide me with a number or you can call me on my cell at 
Matthew I. Menchel 
+1 305 967 6108 
KOBRE & KIM LLP 
www.kobrekim.com 
New York I London I Hong Kong I Washington DC I Miami 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, February 22, 2011 2:53 PM 
To: Matthew I. Menchel 
Subject: Re: 
great 
On Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 2:52 PM, Matthew I. Menchel < 
wrote: 
Sure. Sunday is going to be tough to do in person. I'm bringing my son to a birthday party but we can speak by phone in 
the am. 
Matthew I. Menchel 
+1 305 967 6108 
KOBRE & KIM LLP 
www.kobrekim.com 
New York I London I Hong Kong I Washington DC I Miami 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation®gmail.com]
Sent: Tuesday, February 22, 2011 2:42 PM 
To: Matthew I. Menchel 
Subject: 
I am going to have lunch with Acosta on Monday. can we speak before„ I can see you sunday , if you have 
time an inclination 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00664668
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This e-mail message is from Kobre & Kim LLP, a law firm, and may contain legally 
privileged and/or confidential information. If the reader of this message is not the 
intended recipient(s), or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to 
the intended recipient(s), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
copying of this e-mail message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message 
in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail message and any 
attachments from your computer without retaining a copy. 
IRS Circular 230 disclosure: Any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
attachments or enclosures) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for 
the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, 
marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed in this 
communication. (The foregoing disclaimer has been affixed pursuant to U.S. Treasury 
regulations governing tax practitioners.) 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This e-mail message is from Kobre & Kim LLP, a law firm, and may contain legally 
privileged and/or confidential information. If the reader of this message is not the 
intended recipient(s), or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to 
the intended recipient(s), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
copying of this e-mail message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message 
in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail message and any 
attachments from your computer without retaining a copy. 
IRS Circular 230 disclosure: Any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
attachments or enclosures) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for 
the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, 
marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed in this 
communication. (The foregoing disclaimer has been affixed pursuant to U.S. Treasury 
regulations governing tax practitioners.) 
EFTA00664669

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664670.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664670.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Axel
To: "jeffrey E." leevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2017 15:31:42 +0000 
I would enjoy dinner with you tomorrow night. Free after 7. 
Richard 
On Jul 19, 2017, at 6:30 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
would you like dinner with woody thurs? harry fish? i can also invite. ? 
On Tue, Jul 18, 2017 at 6:40 PM, Richard Axel < 
wrote: 
I am in town. Very tied up, but weekend much clearer. Would enjoy seeing you. 
Richard 
On Jul 18, 2017, at 6:16 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
you in town? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00664670
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664671

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664672.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: (No subject) 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 20:44:26 +0000 
Okay, thank you. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless Phone 
Reply message 
From: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, Feb 22, 2011 3:33 pm 
Subject: 
To: ' 
'<a> 
tomorrow 8 am 
On Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 3:20 PM, 
awrote: 
> Hi Jeffrey, 
> I'm not sure if you got my last email, I was wondering if it would still be 
> possible to get paid for the last 2 times I had worked for you. And if it 
> is, when would be the best time to pick it up? 
> I hope all is well. 
> Thank you so much. 
> Sent from my Verizon Wireless Phone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664672
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00664673

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664674.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: jewelry 
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2017 15:03:57 +0000 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Nicholas Ribis < 
Subject: RE: jewelry 
Date: July 19, 2017 at 10:45:42 AM EDT 
To: 'Richard Kahn'
Rich -- at meeting right now -- I will let u know -- Nick 
Original Message 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto: 
Sent: Wednesday, July 19, 2017 10:41 AM 
To: Nicholas Ribis
Cc: jeffrey E. <jetoti@gmail.com> 
Subject: jewelry 
please tell me what time today the real stuff is coming thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 
EFTA00664674
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00664675

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664676.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Wendy Martinez
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Zorro update for Feb 14-18 
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 21:52:35 +0000 
Thank you very much. I will keep you updated until then. 
On Feb 22, 2011 12:50 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leeia@gmail.com> wrote: 
> rich is on vacation, we should deal with this the first two weeks of march 
> On Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 11:18 AM, Wendy Martinez
>> Good morning Mr. Epstein, 
>> Just wanted to give you a quick update as to things here. I emailed last 
>> Thursday about having the second leak fixed and a new valve put into the 
>> system. 
>> Also, Chad Dewall accepted your offer of $2500.00 with the hopes of more 
>> work. He is scheduled to start work on this Friday the 25th and work through 
>> the weekend and into next week to get it done. He has requested for half 
>> ($1250.00) down and remainder when he is finished. This seems reasonable to 
>> me, However; I only have one check here on Ranch and amt in to work with 
» 
to et a few more sent. 
and 
use - I are being held up. 
has once 
» again informed me that the check that I have here is for "emergency"only. I 
>> have not followed her procedure or used her form to get the bid approved. I 
>> went straight to you for approval. 
>> 
>> After 2 weeks of back and forth to the Verizon store, (with Bella's help) 
>> to get password information on the account, Mano and I were able to get 
>> updated phones for communication. 
>> 
» The integrity of all water lines and valves going to the reservoir seem to 
» be holding pressure. We are not loosing any water in the system. I have 
» asked Mano to monitor the reservoir and keep it full. He has some work to do 
» on the atmospheric valve that was compromised during the cold snap. 
>> I have also asked Mano to research control systems and valves that will 
>> monitor and alarm when there is a leak (and the house is not calling for 
>> water) of that magnitude again. I would like to prevent this from happening 
>> to your house. I worked at a water company for 5 years before coming here 
>> and I know there are systems capable of monitoring and shutting water down 
» automatically. 
>> We are anxiously awaiting your momma cow to give birth and will send pies 
>> when she does. Mano has not purchased his cows yet or one for you because 
>> the cattle prices are sky high right now. I hope you received the email 
>> about losing Thunder, one of our guest riding horses. We are down to 2 guest 
>> horses.Also, Max had a severe eye injury that we are doctoring. His eyesight 
>> is coming back in the eye as it heals. 
>> I was called over the weekend to rescue a yearling colt. I have given the 
>wrote: 
EFTA00664676
--- PAGE 2 ---
>> colt to Mano here on the ranch. I hope it is ok with you if he keeps and 
>> takes care of the little guy here.(It would be a good project for him as he 
>> works 24-7 and needs a hobby) If not please let me know. 
>> Lastly, about the proposal that I sent you. I am inquiring about a possible 
>> response. I would also like to ask you if you would be willing to entrust 
>> this management position to us say on a trail basis. I would like to be 
>> handed the responsibility (and I speak for Mano) to be given a budget and 
>> the tools needed to conduct business here on the Ranch. I would ask for 
>> financial commitment from you (which is negotiable) If you would like a 
>> phone conference please advise. 
>> Hope all is well with you. 
>> 
» Have a nice day 
» Wendy 
>> Please acknowledge receipt of e-mail. 
> 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664677

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664678.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Peter Fenwick" 
To: "'Jeffrey E."' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Grant 
Date: Sun, 26 Mar 2017 18:04:53 +0000 
Wales beautifull 
loydeep is trying for a Spanish University in Tenerife who's Dean he know. 
Eric Virres (The retinal photon man) has a contact in Seattle or San Diego and knows a private lab. 
Is Sheepdrove trust no good, it does education? 
http://www.sheepdrove.com/ 
We have a session for the Shanghai conference, early June will you come?? 
Going to Monico this week. 
EFTA00664678

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664679.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E."  
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2017 11:12:41 +0000 
Thank you.. I'll be working the day of my birthday since they couldn't move the shoot and will spend all August 
in Paris. No vacations, no boys, no sun, no fun. My babysitting job is starting back in September.. Even for photo 
assistant I will always remain at the same basic level since I've never went to a photo school to learn and people 
don't have time to teach. I would like to spend my time learning something new. I might have found a job in a 
juice bar in August... I wish I could have a real career somewhere but with no skills and no studies it's 
impossible, that's why I feel that getting my butt in shape is my only way out. 
I giomo Wed, Jul 19, 2017 alle 11:53 AM jeffrey E. < 
> ha scritto: 
Im fine. 
hope your birthday is fun. . glad to hear about photo job . your resumes should hve been handed 
out months ago . when you knew summer would not have work,  not weeks after they left . sorry . 
you ass does look good hope it gets you what you want. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664679

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664680.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tetje Rod-Larsen < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2017 11:12:20 +0000 
Sent it a few days ago by SMS. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 19, 2017, at 01:19, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i need edwards cv 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664680

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664681.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 26 Mar 2017 07:16:12 , 0000 
8-14 April she is in NY. Tonight and tmrw in Zurich 
She told me she found decent people on her FB for the job...I will follow up with her next week 
Kind re ands 
On 25 Mar 2017, at 4:06 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Where is she? 
On Sat, Mar 25, 2017 at 9:42 AM 
wrote: 
Masha Drokova doesn't want to be assistant. She made her first million at age of 20 , now she just invests in 
companies and creates her own VC, collected abt 10 MLn USD since 6 months. Google, check my msg to 
you on what's up :-) 
https://docsend.corniview/ixx27pt
Exceptional young lady. She wants to meet you, get to know you and help me find you a young attractive 
assistant. Masha says that she needs to know who you are and what kind of assistants you would like 
Kind re ards, 
On 25 Mar 2017, at 11:21 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
20-24 
On Sat, Mar 25, 2017 at 6:21 AM jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Too old 
On Sat, Mar 25, 2017 at 6:18 AM 
Jeffrey, 
Would you like to be connected to Masha Drokova ? Info on what's up 
She is in NY next month 
She is amazing as a person. So many successes 
wrote: 
Re interviews, I am going through candidates and will put 5 together in 1 email once called all of them. 
Do you remember Anastasia Kotova from Monaco with whom you skyped ? She has no job and model 
looking + smart 
EFTA00664681
--- PAGE 2 ---
Kind re ards, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664682

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664683.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: "Jeffrey E." cci 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 22 Jan 2017 05:05:57 +0000 
[=. 
Try something new 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 21, 2017, at 7:45 AM, jeffrey E. c 
> wrote: 
Why 
On Fri, Jan 20, 2017 at 3:20 PM 
> wrote: 
I'm in Sydney 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 20, 2017, at 10:36 PM, jeffrey E. <1 
> wrote: 
where are you 
On Fri, Jan 20, 2017 at 6:35 AM, 
Happy Birthday 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664683
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00664684

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664685.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 24 Sep 2017 20:16:41 +0000 
Greetings Sir, 
Sail dates to St. Thomas from Port of Palm Beach are Wednesday and Friday. 
Wednesday arrives on Saturday, Friday arrives on Tuesday. 
Respectfully, 
Daphne 
On Sep 24, 2017 10:24 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
daphne , what day does the tropical boat sail? from west palm 
On Sun, Sep 24, 2017 at 7:38 AM, Daphne Wallace < 
wrote: 
Greetings Sic 
Yes. 
Respectfully, 
Daphne 
On Sep 24, 2017 6:49 AM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
we should help everyone get fema assntance. . sylvester as he cant read etc. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00664685
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664686

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664687.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jermaine Ruan
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Cc: ann rodriquez 
>, Danny Vicars
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 24 Sep 2017 20:09:24 +0000 
Sorry boss 
I accidentally hit "send " 
I am going to attempt to upload Carlos pictures as soon as I get to a spot with better signal strength. 
Is there any I can assist with? 
Regards 
Jruan 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 24, 2017, at 2:25 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
treid to reach you both 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664687

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664688.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Bamaby Marsh <1 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 24 Sep 2017 20:04:44 +0000 
When are you back next? 
On Sun, Sep 24, 2017 at 6:55 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
skype? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664688

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664689.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jermaine Ruan 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Cc: ann rodriquez 
>, Danny Vicars .5 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 24 Sep 2017 20:04:09 +0000 
Good day boss 
Apologies, Att had been down most of the day. It just came up. 
Regards 
Jruan 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 24, 2017, at 2:25 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
treid to reach you both 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664689

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664690.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn <I 
To: Nick Ribis < 
Cc: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: loan repayment 
Date: Wed, 20 Sep 2017 20:23:18 +0000 
just called you again 
please call my cell phone 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 
On Sep 20, 2017, at 3:04 PM, Nicholas Ribis < 
> wrote: 
Sony I've been in meetings call later 
www.apple.comisupport/itunes/ww/.
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 20, 2017, at 2:47 PM, Richard Kahn < 
> wrote: 
just left you a message on your cell 
please advise on 200k loan repayment 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 
EFTA00664690
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Sep 20, 2017, at 1:21 PM, Richard Kahn < 
> wrote: 
nick please update me on loan repayment 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 
On Sep 19, 2017, at 11:23 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
rich , nick said he is repaying the money 200k , no interest, that he owes this week, . please follow up 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664691

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664692.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Merkin
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Wed, 20 Sep 2017 20:21:40 +0000 
ok 
From: jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, September 20, 2017 1:20 PM 
To: Richard Merkin c
> 
Subject: Re: 
yes, no worry , im in florida 
On Wed, Sep 20, 2017 at 4:16 PM, Richard Merkin < 
> wrote: 
I Did this hurricane do more damage? Are you in New York? Are you safe? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664692

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664693.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jay Massar 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 20 Sep 2017 20:04:08 +0000 
Will dol 
From: jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, September 20, 2017 4:00 PM 
To: Jay Massar 
Subject: 
we should add some rubber to the handle on the table so your finger does not touch metal. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664693

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664694.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates • 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 20 Sep 2017 20:03:01 +0000 
Ummm call me on cell 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 20, 2017, at 3:29 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
returned your call. 
happy new year 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664694

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664695.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Leon Black
To: 'jeffrey E.' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: [External] Re: Debra Black emails 
Date: Wed, 20 Sep 2017 19:13:00 +0000 
I told Barry to just send the emails to me not Leon since I print them anyway— they are under my password. Leon does 
not have one. Makes no sense to send anything to Leon III! 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, September 20, 2017 3:07 PM 
To: Barry J. Cohen 
Leon Black •,:
› 
Subject: [External] Re: Debra Black emails 
have melanie change the password 
On Wed, Sep 20, 2017 at 3:05 PM, Barry J. Cohen
I confirmed that she does not. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Wednesday, September 20, 2017 2:38 PM 
To: Barry J. Cohen 
Subject: Re: Debra Black emails 
you should check to see if debra DOES get them 
> wrote: 
On Wed, Sep 20, 2017 at 2:23 PM, Barry J. Cohen < 
> wrote: 
By the way we have an inexplicable problem at Elysium whereby emails to Leon are recorded by Outlook 
as to "Debra Black". See below. As you can see, the email address is Leon's not Debra's, so she never gets 
the email. It's just an appearance problem. Our IT folks have tried multiple times to fix this. Trying again. 
From: Barry J. Cohen 
Sent: Wednesday, September 20, 2017 11:51 AM 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacatiothra omail.com> 
Cc: Black, Debra s 
Bradley J. Wechsler 
Subject: Draft 1040 
You asked for a draft 1040 quite some time ago. We should finally have it either tomorrow or Friday. 
Joe V and I think that in the future we need to have draft 1040s much, much earlier than this. With process 
changes that Joe V is implementing, we are confident we can be much more timely in the future. 
Barry J. Cohen I 
Elysium Management, LLC I 
445 Park Avenue Suite 1401 
New York NY 10022 I 
Tel.
 Cell 
EFTA00664695
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom 
they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities 
other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender 
and delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA00664696

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664697.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E."
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 19 Sep 2017 17:23:16 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_9285.PNG 
If you mean this kind of girls I really don't know where to find them since I have a totally different crowd of 
friends... if you understand what I mean. 
ilr.
oking at this picture I understood we might have slightly different tastes. However, U ready to call 
right now and ask her where I should look for them and what I should say since I have zero clue.
happy to learn if I can make you happy 
II giomo Tue, Se 19, 2017 alle 6:17 PM 
So now that 
doing as you told me If you could please tell me what's the next step.. 
> ha scritto: 
II giomo Tue, Sep 19, 2017 alle 6:11 PM 
> ha scritto: 
You told me to find a paying job so I did but I don't find any growth as a future career in being a babysitter 
or a waitress because it doesn't teach me anything interesting. So • 
doing as you told me 
EFTA00664697
--- PAGE 2 ---
I giomo Tue, Sep 19, 2017 alle 6:08 PM jeffrey E. < 
ha scritto: 
i have told you before , you ignored over and over this is silly same question 
On Tue, Sep 19, 2017 at 12:01 PM, 
Jeffrey ? 
• wrote: 
II giomo Mon, Sep 18, 2017 alle 5:49 PM 
`z
Mia 
ha scritto: 
About what I should do in the longterm. Now 
dohababysitting and waitress just to have a little 
extra cash but what I earn barely covers my rent and 
not learning anything interesting for my 
personal growth or career. U worried about my future and wanted to talk with you if you had any 
suggestions... 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664698

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664699.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mark Lloyd ca> 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 19 Sep 2017 17:16:16 +0000 
The answer Pm afraid is that he isn't interested at that price. What about that other house we looked at? Any 
traction with the widow? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 17 Sep 2017, at 17:40, jeffrey E. lea®gmail.com>  wrote: 
On Sun, Sep 17, 2017 at 11:39 AM, Mark Lloyd 
wrote: 
Sent from my iPad 
On 17 Sep 2017, at 17:31, jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
news? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00664699
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664700

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664701.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 12 Sep 2017 18:13:22 +0000 
Spasibo , Jeffreychka !!! 
sr, 12 cam. 2017 r. a 5:37, Jeffrey E. <jeeia®gmail.com>: 
the new iphone 8 will be announced today. . I assume everyone will want one. so give lesely your 
preference. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Arina 
EFTA00664701

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664702.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lany Visoski ...a> 
To: Je vacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: LSJ 
Date: Fri, 08 Sep 2017 19:08:40 +0000 
Inline-Images: Resized_20170908_143849jpeg 
One photo from Danny 
Sent front my iPhone;, 
EFTA00664702

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664703.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Napster"
To: jeevacation®gmail.com 
Subject: At New Music from U2, Sam Smith & more... 
Date: Fri, 08 Sep 2017 18:32:10 +0000 
L;Islapster logo 
NEW MUSIC THIS WEEK 
You're The Best Thing About Me 
L•1-, Pia 
You're The Best Thing About 
butto Me 
by U2 
EFTA00664703
--- PAGE 2 ---
VJ 
,plzt 
Too Good At Goodbyes 
.• 
by Sam Smith 
album art 
.phi You Don't Do It For Me 
Anymore 
VJ 
by Demi Lovato 
album art 
The Line 
L pla 
Dusk Till Dawn (Radio Edit) 
by Foo Fighters 
?' 
by ZAYN 
EFTA00664704
--- PAGE 3 ---
album art 
epla #Update 
by Pandel 
All The Light Above It Too 
?' 
by Jack Johnson 
ster 
a p 
Get The Napster App 
Available on Android iOS and windows.
L; Foll 
ow us 
I on 
RI Foil 
ow us 
on 
RI Foil 
ow us 
on 
Qi) 2017 Rhapsody International Inc. 
701 Sth Ave Suite 3100, Seattle, WA 98104 
Unsubscribe 
EFTA00664705

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664706.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Carol
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: Hello from Carol in Washington 
Date: Fri, 08 Sep 2017 18:07:16 +0000 
Oh so happy yourself 0. Enjoy Paris 
Carol Mont ome 
I I Phone: 
1+1 
On Sep 8, 2017, at 10:46, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
im in paris with parts of the island with me 
On Fri, Sep 8, 2017 at 7:06 PM, Carol < 
Jeffrey, 
Hi Jeffrey This is Carol previously from Saint Thomas. 
How are you doing and how did little Saint John handle hurricane Irma? 
> wrote: 
property and houses can always be replaced but your safety is my concern how are you doing please let me 
know that you are in a safe location. 
I'm always available for any help I can be to you in any way. 
I dearly miss you and love you for all you did for me while I was in the Virgin Islands STT. please let me 
know that you're safe! 
Carol Mont ome 
I I Phone: 
>k<1 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00664706
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664707

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664708.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faith Kates 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 08 Sep 2017 17:26:02 +0000 
Is your house standing 
EFTA00664708

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664709.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Bella Klein
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Dr Magnani 
Date: Fri, 08 Sep 2017 17:13:04 +0000 
Attachments: doc02253820170907131544.pdf 
Jeffrey, 
I just wanted you to be aware of the charge from Dr Magnani for 
Total invoice is $6950. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bella Klein  
Subject: Dr Magnani 
Date: September 7, 2017 at 2:17:53 PM EDT 
To: 
m,
Cc: 
Please confirm your visits and procedures with Dr. Magnani 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: September 7, 2017 at 2:15:47 PM EDT 
To: 
CS 3051ci 
[00:17:c8:25:f3:53] 
EFTA00664709
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00664710

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664711.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn  
To: Karluz czi 
Subject: Re: Employment 
Date: Fri, 08 Sep 2017 17:02:20 +0000 
ok please keep us updated and be safe.. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
On Sep 8, 2017, at 11:55 AM, Karluz < 
> wrote: 
Mr Khan , 
We are in Fla. Home right now at work securing 
the house for the hurricane , We might be going back North after , it depends on the outcome here. Thanks 
will keep you posted. 
Carluz To lo 
On 9/8/17, 10:51 Richard Kahn < 
> wrote: 
where are you now? 
when do you arrive in FL? 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York. NY 10022 
On Sep 8, 2017, at 9:11 AM, Karluz 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664711
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sure we'll do „ Thank you very much 
Carluz Tovlo 
On 9/7/17, 19:56 Richard Kahn < 
> wrote: 
NYC is where you will begin 
please coordinate with Lesley and she will help you arrange flights 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
On Sep 7, 2017, at 2:52 PM, ICarluz < 
> wrote: 
Hi there Mr Khan, 
We will be home in Fla that weekend of 30th of Sept want to know where we going , coz Oct 1st 
is Sunday , should we proceed to Palm Beach house Monday the 2nd ? Please let us know , thank 
you 
Carluz Toylo 
Carluz To lo 
On 8/1/17, 17:38 Richard Kahn < 
thank you for the update 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
> wrote: 
On Aug 1, 2017, at 5:25 PM, 
wrote: 
EFTA00664712
--- PAGE 3 ---
Hi there Mr. Khan, 
FYI - just an update from us here, We already did submit our resignation., But as we expected , 
they still need us for the two events, We would be definitely starting 1st of October as we 
planned to do so. 
And just you know, please use these new email add: 
Thanks 
Carluz Toylo 
Sent from my Android phone with mail.com Mail. Please excuse my brevity. 
EFTA00664713

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664714.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stem 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 31 Aug 2016 17:35:13 , 0000 
Just one night. 
Going longer, for about 4-5 days, at the end of September. 
On 31 Aug 2016, at 17:38, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
for how long? 
On Wed, Aug 31, 2016 at 1:26 AM, David Stem < 
wrote: 
Probably next Wednesday /Thursday 
On 31 Aug 2016, at 01:29, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
any planto go to china soon? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00664714
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664715

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664716.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 31 Aug 2016 17:00:23 +0000 
D*3 L 03 U*3 [03603j03n03u03z03003003043..3.03003403403003 " 3.BJ 
33013003003030303 .3,, 
30] 30+30-03#03)03 .03503 ;03C03103 R*3 Y 03 03h03 n*3 t03 
034030030030030030030030030030.3Dj3113-30130.30 r3003030303. 
30>3034**30"300031(03T03[03103s03-030030030.30030030034030030 
0303031-13330-300300300303033 E cr 3.] 304.30-03&03**3003503;03C03103Q03X 
03_03e03103s03z030030030030030030030030030030403Nj3n3u3103036 
-34%30 30 F30430 30 r300303 
30q30:30340G03M03T03Z03a03e03k03q03w03 030030030030030030030 
03003003003033034 30130*30 I 30030030303031-03&03,03303903? 
E*3 L03003T03[03d03j 03s03 z03003003003003003003003003003003 
133M330 [30!!3030-30030030030303uA03&03.03403<03B03J03Q03Y03_03f0 
3m03u03I 
03003003003003003003003003003003333P330 13003003030303s 
3411301-03#03*0300370303F03003UO3[03b03j03s03z03003003003003003 
003003003003,333 K 330 13003003030303 3V134.30P30 
30>30350.30)30CO3J03Q03V03103b03103o03u03{03003003003003003003 
003003003D3E3A3 C330130+30 30 L3.030.3.3.3.3wv/3#3. 
34-.30370D03K03S03Z03'03h03:103u03I 
03003003003003003003003003003003003% .3g33013003.03030303i 
30130!!30 30*-43#03**3003603=03CO3L03R03X03J03d03k03p03v03I 
.34.30.3..30.30.3.03.03..3.0344363331)3N3**34
30•3**3•348134,31 
F30 
30>30350.30&30D03K03P03UO3Y03^03e03103u03y.30.30030030030030 
03003003003003003? 
EFTA00664716

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664717.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry <la 
To: Je vacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: LOI Thomas World AirWays, LLC update 
Date: Mon, 29 Aug 2016 11:59:35 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.png 
From Claire 
Sent from my iPad 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Claire Brugirard
Date: August 29, 2016 at 7:52:26 AM EDT 
To: Larry Visoski 
Cc: Darren Indyke 
Subject: RE: LOI Thomas World AirWays, LLC update 
Dear Larry, 
Yes, I am on this and will get back to you as soon as I have the answers. 
I expect to have feedback on the last LOI hopefully tomorrow (Tuesday) 
Best Regards 
;L'cid:image001.png@0lD 
1C152.96778780 
Claire Brugirard 
Sales Manager 
PO Box 60666, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 
Direct: 
Mobile: + 
I Fax: +971 2S051850 
From: Larry Visoski manta.
Sent: Monday, August 29, 2016 3:52 PM 
To: Claire Brugirard 
Cc: Darren Indyke 
Subject: Re: LOI Thomas World AirWays, LLC update 
Hi Claire, 
-I understand you were going to find out if the other pats tanks were still available ? 
-are there spares that will be part of the sale? 
-documentation that the engine taken off the plane was not as a result of damage? 
EFTA00664717
--- PAGE 2 ---
Best regards, 
Lany 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 28, 2016, at 10:56 PM, Claire Brugirard
Dear Larry 
New LOI well received 
I will discuss with the team this morning 
Best Regards, 
Claire Brugirard 
> wrote: 
From: Larry Visoski 
Sent: Monday, August 29, 2016 05:57 
To: Claire Brugirard 
Cc: Darren Indyke 
Subject: LOI Thomas World AirWays, LLC update 
Sony Claire 
Use this LOI, found a typo on previous form, 
PIs confirm receipt 
Best regards, 
Lany 
Created with Scanner Pro 
EFTA00664718

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664719.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664719.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lany Visoski <S> 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 29 Aug 2016 11:51:59 +0000 
Ok, 
Message sent to Claire 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 29, 2016, at 6:50 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
send to claire 
I understand you were going to find out if the other pats tanks were still available. . 
? are there spares that 
will be part of the sale.? documentation that the engine taken off the plane was not as a result of damage.? 
Forwarded messa e 
From: Darren Indyke 
Date: Mon, Aug 29, 2016 at 6:08 AM 
Subject: Re: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Yes. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 29, 2016, at 5:59 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
did the new loi go out? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664719
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664720

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664721.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Misha Gromov 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 28 Aug 2016 20:18:42 +0000 
Yes 
On Fri, 26 Aug 2016 16:27:16 -0400, jeffrey E. wrote: 
will you be around in paris next week 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664721

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664722.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 28 Aug 2016 19:31:15 +0000 
Did you get photos of the cockpit area? I never seen any photos of the cockpit? 
Matt did not fwd photos to me 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 28, 2016, at 3:07 PM, jeffity E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Please send new Loi for bbj at 17.8 all cash 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664722

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664723.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: aziza alahmadi
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Can I call you 
Date: Sun, 28 Aug 2016 19:12:45 +0000 
Waiting you . 
Signal 
Regards, 
Aziza 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 28, 2016, at 10:03 PM, jeffity E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I can speak in 1 hr 
On Sunday, 28 August 2016, aziza alahmadi 
> wrote: 
Regards, 
Aziza 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664723

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664724.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff
To: Jefffrey Epstein
Subject: OK to give Karyna your schedule? 
Date: Sun, 28 Aug 2016 19:11:54 +0000 
Please see below..ok to send her your schedule? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Karyna Shuliak 
Subject: Schedule 
Date: August 28, 2016 at 3:08:48 PM EDT 
To: 
Hi Lesley, 
Could you please send Jeffrey's schedule for this week and keep me on any updates as well. 
Thank you. 
EFTA00664724

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664725.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: aziza alahmadi
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 28 Aug 2016 18:35:59 +0000 
Ca you be in Tokyo between 31th Aug- 2nd Sep. 
Regards, 
Aziza 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 26, 2016, at 5:58 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
if you send me your phone number i will call at 1130 eastern 
On Fri, Aug 26, 2016 at 10:53 AM, aziza alahmadi 
wrote: 
I am available all the time today ... Just let me know what is time work for you . 
Regards, 
Aziza 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 26, 2016, at 1:09 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
anytime 
On Fri, Aug 26, 2016 at 5:58 AM, aziza alahmadi 
Can we have Skype today ... Me & you . 
HE is busy with the preparation of China trip . 
Regards, 
Aziza 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 26, 2016, at 12:56 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
??? my schedule is getting quite busy. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664725
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664726

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664727.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: 
Subject: Re[2]: some more pictures from vacation 
Date: Tue, 12 Jul 2016 11:51:10 +0000 
Attachments: image.jpeg; image(1).jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg; image(4).jpeg; image(5).jpeg; 
image(6).jpeg; image(7).jpeg; image(8).jpeg; image.png; image(9).jpeg; image(10)jpeg; 
image(11).jpeg; image(12)jpeg; image(13)jpeg; image(1).png 
B ropinuc, 12 atom 2016, 14:43 +03:00 oT 
BTOpHHK, 12 atom 2016, 14:38 +03:00 oT 
Hey my dear Jeffry! 
How are you? I send you more pictures from vacation. 
Why you never answer to me? I hope everything is ok with you 
Cpeaa, 13 anperuf 2016, 21:19 +03:00 oT "jeffrey E' 
or paris, 75k per year 
On Wed, Apr 13, 2016 at 2:14 PM, 
wrote: 
Hey. Can you tell me do you need assistants who can come in the USA? And how much are u 
going to pay them? 
nOH0H0.K6HHK, 29 4:lei:spans 2016, 20:42 +03:00 OT "jeffrey E." 
fidn me two new assistants . then we can talk 
On Mon, Feb 29, 2016 at 1:24 PM, 
Can you give me a chance to prove that I am a reliable person? 
nOH0H0HE.HHK, 29 cbeapann  2016, 10:30 -05:00 oT "jeffrey E." 
i know the diffemce between yes I promise and 
' maybe 
On Mon, Feb 29, 2016 at 9:07 AM 
What can i do that you have cha 
wrote: 
wrote: 
EFTA00664727
--- PAGE 2 ---
II He enbmuc 29 es aim 2016, 7:33 -05:00 or "jeffrey E." 
there are too many times that though you promised things , you always had a 
reason why you changed your mind, 
i can live with that in my personal life 
but not my business. . in essence I know you are not reliable . and i told 
you so at the time, 
On Mon, Feb 29, 2016 at 7:30 AM, 
wrote: 
can i work for you? 
llosesensifs, 29 Oespans 2016, 7:28 -05:00 OT "Jeffrey E." 
econmy 
On Mon, Feb 29 2016 at 7:28 AM 
wrote: 
flosesensums, 29 cpespass 2016, 7:28 -05:00 or "Jeffrey E." 
diffictult 
On Mon, Feb 29, 2016 at 7:26 AM 
wrote: 
Je ffrey, 
if i will back in US can you help me with a job? 
n0He ellbHHIC 29 c es ass 2016, 7:20 -05:00 or "jeffrey 
E." 
no, i will help with their visa if they are good 
On Mon, Feb 29, 2016 at 7:19 AM 
wrote: 
you need someone who lives in US? 
n0HeAellbliliK, 29 thespans 2016, 6:33 -05:00 or 
"Jeffrey E." 
>. 
I will give you money if you find someone, 
willing to travel 22. -25 , educated. personable 
wrote:M 
EFTA00664728
--- PAGE 3 ---
nOHeelbHHISSa
im
JIA 2016 10:37 +03:00 
I need to ask. If I find someone I'll let you 
know 
BocKpeceHbe, 28 thespann 2016, 10:56 
-04:00 or "jeffrey E." 
do you have any friends that might 
want to work for me 
On Sun Feb 28 2016 at 4:21 AM, 
rote: 
ey e' ey 
Thank you s000000000 much, i got 
an iphone from you. I am so glad, 
it's a very nice present. Now i can 
send selfies to you) 
Kiss you. Kiss you... 
lismuta, 5 4:lespann 2016, 
will send a camera 
On Fri, Feb 5, 2016 at 12:37 
 wrote: 
Hey my Dear Jeffrey! 
How are you? What's new? 
any news? 
Bocapecenbe, 24 
amain' 2016, 16:48 
-05:00 or "jeffrey E." 
understood 
On Sun, Jan 24, 2016 at 
4:17 PMT 
EFTA00664729
--- PAGE 4 ---
this is my last visa and 
passport. i have a new 
passport now. 
i need a camera to 
make a naughty selfie. 
i promise will send 
many of them 
BocKpecexbe, 24 
AMEtap512016, 
15:30 -05:00 or 
Jeffrey E." 
do you have your 
passport,  can 
you take a photo 
of the visa you 
used to come last 
month, also a 
naughty selfie 
please ::)) 
On Sun, Jan 24, 
g 
a tourist visa 
now because 
my last tourist 
visa was 
canceled. 
it happened in 
may 2013. 
when i came 
back in US 
again i was 
stopped at the 
airport, they 
canceled my 
tourist visa for 
years and i 
was sent back 
in Russia. 
I can back if i'll 
get KI visa. 
One of my 
EFTA00664730
--- PAGE 5 ---
friend decided 
to help me to 
get K1 visa. I 
had an 
interview in 
US embassy in 
October 2015. 
And In 
November 
2015 instead of 
the visa, I 
received my 
passport back 
and a letter that 
there was a 
mistake or 
something not 
correct in the 
application. 
So now i know 
that the US 
Visa office 
received the 
application 
back on Dec 
28th, they will 
need at least 30 
days to re-
review the 
application and 
feedback. 
it takes so long 
time. I am just 
waiting the 
answer from 
US Visa office 
now. 
if you can help 
to make it 
faster i'll be 
very thankful. 
If you need any 
information let 
me know. 
Bocxpece 
Hbe, 24 
mumps' 
2016, 9:40 
-05:00 or 
"jeffrey 
EFTA00664731
--- PAGE 6 ---
send a 
photo of 
your last 
visa 
we 
might be 
able to 
expedite a 
renewal 
On Sun, 
Jan 24, 
2016 at 
9:34 AM, 
wrote: 
i think it 
will take 
or 3 
more 
months 
to get a 
visa( 
Bo 
cup 
ece 
Hbe 
, 24 
RHB 
arm 
201 
6, 
9:0 
-05 
:00 
or 
"jef 
fre 
y 
E." 
EFTA00664732
--- PAGE 7 ---
eve 
134
hin 
g 
els 
e 
goo 
d? 
On 
Su 
n, 
Jan 
24, 
201 
at 
8:4 
A 
M, 
WI' 
ote: 
M 
Y 
g 
r 
a 
d 
m 
a 
d 
i 
e 
d 
Y 
EFTA00664733
--- PAGE 8 ---
O O Cr O est 
to O^ 
MO 
O O I-6 a 
O N< 
go Os 1—• • 
O O 
c: 
Co Oa G. 0 
O 
G. N 0"0 
X n 
n 7. < cazteszto 
EFTA00664734
--- PAGE 9 ---
e 
t. 
B 
K 
C 
C 
C 
fi 
C 
C 
fi 
EFTA00664735
--- PAGE 10 ---
d 
U 
S 
S 
U 
p 
C 
d 
C
EFTA00664736
--- PAGE 11 ---
"O MA-. O I? 4-. 
cr) V. 
O O O . . c• 
O VI O O 
a •—• ttl =NM' 
a (NO.—. 'CM.. 
CV .. tn oo Q2 
EFTA00664737
--- PAGE 12 ---
t 
e 
d 
r
t 
h 
e 
V 
b 
r 
t 
h 
d 
a 
EFTA00664738
--- PAGE 13 ---
d 
w 
D 
b 
r 
S 
M 
a 
b 
r 
k 
U 
S 
h 
S 
EFTA00664739
--- PAGE 14 ---
e 
e 
e 
w 
e 
e 
d 
h 
e 
d 
r 
V 
w 
h 
r 
EFTA00664740
--- PAGE 15 ---
C 
d 
e 
e 
d 
b 
k 
C 
C
a 
B 
EFTA00664741
--- PAGE 16 ---
T 
to 
J 
e 
f 
f 
r 
e 
E 
t 
d 
b 
a 
S 
NV 
EFTA00664742
--- PAGE 17 ---
a 
h 
e 
e 
b 
S 
S 
S 
S 
S 
U 
F 
J 
a 
A 
EFTA00664743
--- PAGE 18 ---
NV 
e
e 
b 
k 
EFTA00664744
--- PAGE 19 ---
e 
b 
J 
e 
h 
e 
r 
f 
r 
e 
e 
b 
h 
a 
e 
k 
EFTA00664745
--- PAGE 20 ---
H 
e 
a 
b 
r 
h 
d 
r 
h 
r 
e 
d 
d 
e 
b 
r 
e 
e 
h 
e 
EFTA00664746
--- PAGE 21 ---
h 
f 
e 
d 
e 
d 
b 
b 
e 
a 
h 
e 
EFTA00664747
--- PAGE 22 ---
h 
h 
a 
r 
c 
a 
e 
e 
k 
e 
d 
rn 
EFTA00664748
--- PAGE 23 ---
a 
e 
e 
e 
B 
r 
e 
H 
B 
H 
EFTA00664749
--- PAGE 24 ---
'I 0 =I 'm` Co 0 
So"  o  N O' 
O •-• N r 
""' 1- G. 
= O 
""' 
EFTA00664750
--- PAGE 25 ---
h 
b 
r 
h 
d 
r
h 
d 
a 
t 
e 
b 
m 
EFTA00664751
--- PAGE 26 ---
O
a 
a 
t 
EFTA00664752
--- PAGE 27 ---
NV
r
w 
h 
d 
t 
h 
k 
t 
b 
t 
m 
e 
h 
e 
r 
e 
LI 
B 
e 
e 
EFTA00664753
--- PAGE 28 ---
B 
J 
e 
e 
EFTA00664754
--- PAGE 29 ---
t 
i 
d 
Y 
O 
T 
h 
a 
a 
t 
P 
EFTA00664755
--- PAGE 30 ---
e 
T 
h 
r
k 
f 
t 
h 
r 
t 
t 
e 
Y 
e 
S 
h 
r
e 
V 
EFTA00664756
--- PAGE 31 ---
f 
f 
U 
t 
I 
h 
e 
e 
R 
U 
S 
S 
d 
U 
b 
e 
S 
f 
R 
a 
S 
I 
I 
h 
e 
d 
a 
EFTA00664757
--- PAGE 32 ---
V 
e 
d 
e 
a 
a 
S 
h 
e 
V 
e 
d 
S 
r 
e 
S 
d 
e 
r 
NV 
EFTA00664758
--- PAGE 33 ---
S 
I 
e 
p 
S 
V 
e 
a 
b 
a 
d 
NV 
f 
S 
S 
R 
f 
h 
k 
d 
NV 
EFTA00664759
--- PAGE 34 ---
h 
d 
t 
a 
NV 
S 
e 
S 
d 
d 
a 
a 
NV 
h 
d 
S 
p 
e 
V 
EFTA00664760
--- PAGE 35 ---
d 
S 
V 
e 
S 
f 
e 
f 
b 
A 
e 
S 
S 
S 
R 
EFTA00664761
--- PAGE 36 ---
I 
Ill 
S 
V
H 
p 
EFTA00664762
--- PAGE 37 ---
el 
EFTA00664763
--- PAGE 38 ---
EFTA00664764
--- PAGE 39 ---
W 
e 
d 
a 
a 
I 
P 
M 
EFTA00664765
--- PAGE 40 ---
CCI 
am C. PN(I:1 • 
.• In• 
ma 'ORS 
T 
.. 
RS 
am 4) 
1.. 
"MO 
C.'s 
=Mao
... 
GAO= 
CCI 
. 
.••••• 
•••••• 
• • 
EFTA00664766
--- PAGE 41 ---
C 
1/4< 
^ 
d 
r
i 
"-• C 
1/4< 
"I 
^n V i to 
rc' c< 
0. r
i 
I-. • CO ‘C 
G. 7 
G. m^ 
I—. 
EFTA00664767
--- PAGE 42 ---
•- e 
O— O> 
— — W N Gi c -a c N> a) I. 
Ca 
*so 
Cr . ° 
I. N co E.- c 7D 
G -a L 
ca.) .) 
EFTA00664768
--- PAGE 43 ---
N N 0 
1.4 
6. 
C
..0 
T 
C 
C 
T 
YU) 
C. eD v• —7 --. 
A T 
L 
i 
a 
i. N
. 
ditt .0 
.7 '0 ei 
EFTA00664769
--- PAGE 44 ---
t 
h 
e 
m 
t 
e 
V 
d 
EFTA00664770
--- PAGE 45 ---
S 
U 
m 
D 
e 
S 
J 
e 
f 
f 
I 
e 
C 
I
C 
C 
T 
h 
C 
r 
m 
ti
EFTA00664771
--- PAGE 46 ---
e 
d 
h 
m 
m 
a 
d 
m 
e 
b 
EFTA00664772
--- PAGE 47 ---
e 
e 
r 
e 
e 
d 
m 
c 
d 
e 
r 
m 
EFTA00664773
--- PAGE 48 ---
C 
C ^J C.) '0 0 
C 
>-‘ <4... 
1... 
.0 C.) 7 
lot 
C.) 0 
<4... 
C.) 
."0 
C.) 
lot 
lot 
C.) 
C.) 
. 
... • 
lot 
ra.) C. I.. 0 
C. C.) 
Ca. 
EFTA00664774
--- PAGE 49 ---
-,w0-1 
C 
-C 0 
L. 
'0 
Ln 
. 
— 0 
In 
F. 
C.) 
a>•••-• 
C 
a
g+. 
r..) 
E E o c• 
- • - 
EFTA00664775
--- PAGE 50 ---
O 
C 
C 
>-‘ 
-0 
C.) 
L. 
C.) 
4.. 
lot 
lot ... 
E 
T 
C 
L. 
-0 
C.) ."0 
A 
C -0 E A >--0 
c G— 
_ 
EFTA00664776
--- PAGE 51 ---
h 
r 
e 
e 
e 
d 
h 
e 
m 
m 
a 
C 
r 
r 
r 
C 
EFTA00664777
--- PAGE 52 ---
m 
m 
e 
d 
i 
a 
t 
e 
Y 
b 
Y 
r 
e 
t 
u 
r 
a 
r 
b 
y 
a 
EFTA00664778
--- PAGE 53 ---
p 
e4.O 
C.) 
In 
1.. 
>.‘ 
tot 
r..) 
E E o c.- v 
o c 
c -O 
o 
c.) 
s o 
a) 
Of.. 
p 
C 
EFTA00664779
--- PAGE 54 ---
C. CD 
L'1 CD '1 L'1 "" 
RC 
C;" 
I 
"" 
m't C r: • 
Lc — 7 n 3 Own 
--win 
7--0-c 
EFTA00664780
--- PAGE 55 ---
p 
I 
e 
a 
s 
e 
t 
e 
T 
h 
e 
i 
f 
r 
in 
a 
t 
i 
c 
t 
a 
i 
e 
d 
i 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
EFTA00664781
--- PAGE 56 ---
t 
i 
rt 
i 
s 
c 
rt 
f 
i 
d 
e 
t 
i 
a 
I 
m 
a 
Y 
b 
e 
a 
t 
t 
r 
e 
Y 
c 
I 
i 
e 
t 
P 
r 
i 
v 
i 
I 
e 
g 
e 
d 
m 
a 
Y 
c 
EFTA00664782
--- PAGE 57 ---
t 
e 
d 
e 
m 
S 
t 
EFTA00664783
--- PAGE 58 ---
to• 0 
-• C.' 
te) G O. (D 
-1 
^ 
CPz 
rri 
- -I 0 -0 C -I -0 0 0- et
c,: -• -- — 
CD 
(D 
w 
ca 
cy. A: 
co 
EFTA00664784
--- PAGE 59 ---
u 
r 
e 
r 
c 
p 
Y 
i 
g 
f 
t 
h 
i 
S 
C 
o 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
r 
a 
Y 
P 
a 
r 
t 
t 
h 
e 
r 
e 
f 
S 
S 
t 
r 
i 
c 
t 
EFTA00664785
--- PAGE 60 ---
c99occe)-7
- -Pa-0<-•000
-i n<A>7
- co
1/4<-.1- - —r.. -"
Pa—zr- elci- -< := 5 
cr 
EFTA00664786
--- PAGE 61 ---
c 
a 
e 
r 
r 
r 
nl 
nl 
e 
d 
e 
b 
r 
e 
r 
e 
nl 
e 
EFTA00664787
--- PAGE 62 ---
a L. -o > v 
£ 
• 
o 
fa 
0 
0 
CA 
4-1 
I. 
>-• ...L 
• ••• 
0) 
o 
f 
£ 
0C 
• ••• 
EFTA00664788
--- PAGE 63 ---
r. . 
te: 
o 
g 
nr= 
— O. G — n ri 
•-••1 0 
tt 
"'•t 
n — 
Cl 7 al= 
EFTA00664789
--- PAGE 64 ---
g 
h 
t 
C 
C 
t 
C 
T 
h 
C 
r 
m 
S
EFTA00664790
--- PAGE 65 ---
a 
d 
h 
n1 
n1 
a 
f 
d 
a 
b 
EFTA00664791
--- PAGE 66 ---
r 
r 
d 
c 
e 
d 
e 
f 
r 
EFTA00664792
--- PAGE 67 ---
C 
Le. 
C 
:20 C 
:20 -0 
O 
C 
C.: L. 
-C V 
Li: V 
CCI -0 -0 
4. V 
Lc 
Lf: 
C./ 
C./ 
. 
-C C./ C. 4. 0 
C. C.) 
EFTA00664793
--- PAGE 68 ---
n •-• 7 c 
•-• S^ "'OM 
"0 0 
C w 0— 
ow: 
• 
v2 C G. n N 
C S 
7 7 am 
-0) O t< 
EFTA00664794
--- PAGE 69 ---
a 
r 
V 
h 
r 
r 
r 
V 
r 
f 
b 
d 
h 
d 
b 
V 
EFTA00664795
--- PAGE 70 ---
.1 • 
O 
L7 co co p, co 
- 
O 
.1 .1 fD L7 .-`• L7 
O 
•-• •-• 1-2 
O 
DO 
1-1m S 
^ 
C. CD 
< •-• n n 
co 
•-• 
CD 
< 
d 
S 
C O ‘< 
1- PD 
C 
EFTA00664796
--- PAGE 71 ---
d 
f 
r 
r 
b 
b 
r 
t 
EFTA00664797
--- PAGE 72 ---
1,1 0 
CD 
CD 7" ". U,  CO 
1-1• 11:3 0 
O 
F 
C. O 
> 
O
•- • •
c 
n-• 
p c2 
o O u, 
0•-• t< 0 
•-• u, 0 G. G. 0 0 
EFTA00664798
--- PAGE 73 ---
O. 
< 
V,  
- I 
• " 
— 
I 
S 
7C
"'“ 
"0 
• 
0" n 
1-2 
••• y
I— 
0. 
• 
EFTA00664799
--- PAGE 74 ---
e 
e 
S 
T 
h 
e 
f 
e 
a 
C 
e 
d 
S 
C 
EFTA00664800
--- PAGE 75 ---
C 
t 
S 
C 
f 
d 
t 
a 
e 
b 
e 
C 
e 
V 
e 
g 
e 
d 
m 
EFTA00664801
--- PAGE 76 ---
S 
t 
t 
U 
t 
e 
S 
d 
f 
EFTA00664802
--- PAGE 77 ---
In 
O.' 
CD In G P. CD N 
'1 O O' 
C 
tmll tmll 
O •-4 
^ 
m I 
O 
co O- 0-I• to) 
•-• • 0-l• •—s • 
co 
co 
to) 
to) 0 
po 
co r• 
mo, O 
EFTA00664803
--- PAGE 78 ---
U 
r 
e 
S 
C 
g 
S 
C 
f 
111 
C 
a 
e 
C 
EFTA00664804
--- PAGE 79 ---
I 
C 
b 
I 
e 
d 
h 
d 
e 
b 
NV 
f 
f 
h 
e 
e 
C 
e 
V 
e 
d 
I 
S 
C 
V 
EFTA00664805
--- PAGE 80 ---
fl
U 
O 
e 
t 
e 
e 
S 
S 
e 
d 
I 
EFTA00664806
--- PAGE 81 ---
a 
b 
e 
O 
a 
d 
d 
C 
S 
t 
S 
C 
O 
EFTA00664807
--- PAGE 82 ---
U 
t 
d 
S 
Il 
e 
e 
e 
d 
g 
f 
a 
a 
S 
h 
EFTA00664808
--- PAGE 83 ---
h 
I 
g 
g 
e 
e 
V 
e 
d 
e 
r
e 
EFTA00664809
--- PAGE 84 ---
111 
t 
t 
e 
d 
t 
Il 
111 
111 
t 
d 
In 
EFTA00664810
--- PAGE 85 ---
e 
t 
t 
e 
e 
t 
r 
V 
e 
g 
e 
d 
m 
r 
t 
t 
t 
e 
d 
e 
f 
m 
r 
EFTA00664811
--- PAGE 86 ---
O 
C 
C 
C 
^0 
C 
T4. 
..0 
0) 
VI 
0) 
C.—. 
0) 
CI 
0.) 
m 
m 
0.) 
A., .0 
O G. ko 
C. 
EFTA00664812
--- PAGE 87 ---
r 
t 
e 
J 
E 
E 
U 
f 
t 
h 
U 
d 
U 
S 
d 
S 
r 
U 
r 
S 
r 
p 
t 
EFTA00664813
--- PAGE 88 ---
t 
r 
y 
t 
t 
e 
e 
f 
t 
t 
r 
r 
b 
t 
d 
h 
nl 
d 
EFTA00664814
--- PAGE 89 ---
a 
I 
f 
f 
h 
r 
e 
V 
d 
t 
h 
m 
m 
e 
t 
e 
r 
r 
r 
EFTA00664815
--- PAGE 90 ---
LI 
S 
d 
t 
b 
r 
t 
U 
r 
e 
m 
t 
b 
e 
m 
r 
EFTA00664816
--- PAGE 91 ---
n cr •-• x n 
-c c n 
C- 
C 
c 
= 9B c n 
Lc. C.: 
EFTA00664817
--- PAGE 92 ---
C 
d 
g 
f 
a 
t 
t 
C 
Il 
Ill 
t 
C 
C 
t 
r 
EFTA00664818
--- PAGE 93 ---
ple 
ase 
not 
e 
Th 
e 
inf 
or 
mat 
ion 
con 
tain 
ed 
in 
this 
co 
m 
mu 
nic 
atio 
n is 
con 
fid 
enti 
al, 
ma 
y 
atto 
me 
y-
die 
nt 
pri 
vile 
ged 
ma 
y 
con 
stit 
ute 
insi 
de 
inf 
or 
mat 
ion, 
EFTA00664819
--- PAGE 94 ---
and 
is 
inte 
nde 
d 
onl 
y 
for 
the 
use 
of 
the 
add 
res 
see. 
It is 
the 
pro 
per 
ty 
of 
JE 
E 
Un 
aut 
hor 
ize 
use 
dis 
clo 
sur 
e or 
cop 
yin 
of 
this 
co 
m 
mu 
nic 
atio 
or 
any 
par 
t 
the 
reo 
f is 
stri 
ctly 
pro 
EFTA00664820
--- PAGE 95 ---
hib 
ited 
and 
ma 
y 
unl 
awf 
ul. 
If 
you 
hav 
e 
rec 
eiv 
ed 
this 
co 
m 
mu 
nic 
atio 
n in 
err 
or, 
ple 
ase 
not 
ify 
us 
im 
me 
diat 
ely 
by 
ret 
urn 
e-
mai 
I or 
by 
e-
mai 
and 
des 
tro 
EFTA00664821
--- PAGE 96 ---
y 
this 
co 
m 
mu 
nic 
atio 
and 
all 
cop 
ies 
the 
reo 
f, 
incl 
udi 
ng 
all 
atta 
ch 
me 
nts. 
cop 
yri 
ght 
-all 
rig 
hts 
res 
env 
ed 
please 
note 
The 
inforrnatio 
contained 
in this 
communic 
ation is 
confidenti 
al, may be 
attorney-
client 
privileged, 
may 
constitute 
EFTA00664822
--- PAGE 97 ---
inside 
informatio 
n, and is 
intended 
only for 
the use of 
the 
addressee. 
It is the 
property 
of 
JEE 
Unauthori 
zed use, 
disclosure 
or copying 
of this 
communic 
ation or 
any part 
thereof is 
strictly 
prohibited 
and may 
unlawful. 
If you 
have 
received 
this 
communic 
ation in 
error, 
please 
notify us 
immediate 
ly by 
return e-
mail or by 
e-mail to 
this 
communic 
ation and 
all copies 
thereof, 
including 
all 
attachmen 
ts. 
copyright 
EFTA00664823
--- PAGE 98 ---
-all rights 
reserved 
please note 
The information 
contained in this 
communication is 
confidential, may 
be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
constitute inside 
information, and 
is intended only 
for 
the use of the 
addressee. It is 
the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or 
copying of this 
communication 
or any part 
thereof is strictly 
prohibited 
and may be 
unlawful. If you 
have received 
this 
communication 
in error, please 
notify us 
immediately by 
return e-mail or 
destroy this 
communication 
and all copies 
thereof, 
including all 
attachments. 
copyright -all 
rights reserved 
EFTA00664824
--- PAGE 99 ---
please note 
The information 
contained in this 
communication is 
confidential, may be 
attorney-client 
privileged, may 
constitute inside 
information, and is 
intended only for 
the use of the addressee. 
It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of 
this 
communication or any 
part thereof is strictly 
prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If 
you have received this 
communication in error, 
please notify us 
immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-
mail to 
destroy this 
communication and all 
copies thereof, 
including all 
attachments. copyright -
all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in 
this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-
client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, 
and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is 
the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
copying of this 
communication or any part 
EFTA00664825
--- PAGE 100 ---
thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this 
communication in error, please 
notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
nd 
destroy this communication 
and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this 
communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is 
intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the 
property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is 
strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this 
communication in error, please notify 
us immediately by 
return e-mail orb e-mail to 
nd 
destroy this communication and all 
copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -
all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication 
is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, 
may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only 
for 
EFTA00664826
--- PAGE 101 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us 
immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
es roy 
is communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights 
reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail tc 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediate) by 
return e-mail or by e-mail t 
and 
destroy this communicatio 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664827
--- PAGE 102 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail 
nd 
destroy this communicatio 
c pus 
r 
, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, ple 
by 
return e-mail or by e-mail t 
and 
destroy this communication 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately b 
return e-mail or by e-mail t 
destroy this communication 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664828
--- PAGE 103 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediate) by 
return e-mail or by e-mail t 
nd 
destroy this communicatio 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664829

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664830.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
EFTA00664830

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664831.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
V.
• 
• .4
4/ ) 
Nip 
• 
• 
/ 
• 
• 
• 
• 
' 4 4.
• 
. 
• 
1/2 1 
• 14,44_ 
:WA 1 
__
••••4.' 
irSCNi 
• 
%gli • VIIrS-
w 
A 
' 
a 
I 
yam• 
• 
EFTA00664831

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664832.pdf
----------------------------------------
als 
• .0 
I 
•••••••• 
• 
,•7444
/ .44110
• -44.• 
"4 
• 
Lia 
4- • J.. tt 
• 
t , 
%, 
4140-
. 
0•11 
.40 
• ^. 
Mtn. 
• 
, 
• 
••• 
kit, • 
"grat a:- • 
.. 
. • A •-
6- • 
a• -•.K., 
EFTA00664832

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664833.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00664833

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664834.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 24 Aug 2016 16:10:47 +0000 
So When should I come to New York? The 5? 
EFTA00664834

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664835.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Wendy Dulman 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc: Brad Wechsler 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 29 Jun 2016 19:28:59 +0000 
Hi. At a soccer tournament all day with my son and then my boys leave tomorrow morning for their teen tours. I 
can try you tomorrow afternoon but today doesn't really work. Rough week for me. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 29, 2016, at 11:24 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Ive been in touch with jell brodsky at E and Y for quite awhile . i have gotten an hourly rate to review 
office. . can speak this afternoon. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664835

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664836.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jonathan Farkas <S> 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 22 Aug 2016 17:23:58 +0000 
600 pairs of shoes just in Monaco God knows what's at 834 5th 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 22, 2016, at 1:20 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
dont know her 
On Mon, Aug 22, 2016 at 1:08 PM, Jonathan Farkas S. 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey Tracey Amon hi maintenance ? Thanks jf 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664836

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664837.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Good news 
Date: Mon, 22 Aug 2016 17:20:10 +0000 
Thank you so much for putting me in touch 
with such incredible doctors. Doctor shimony is a real special man and gave us first class treatment. 
Rich 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664837

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664838.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 23 Sep 2017 18:45:51 +0000 
Haven't been feeling great, sweating at night, probably hormones or bad jet-leg, hope not a flu. In CT during the 
weekend, but will probably head to the city on Monday / Pen's dad and Pen fighting nonstop and yelling - don't 
want to be involved in this drama 
EFTA00664838

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664839.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Deepak Chopra
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 23 Sep 2017 18:25:52 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.png; image001(1).png; image001(2).png; image001(3).png; image001(4).png 
Yes 
Thanks 
Looking forward to seeing you ! 
A 
Deepak Chopra MD 
2013 Costa Del Mar Road 
Carlsbad,  CA 92009 
Chopra Foundation 
Jiyo 
Chopra Center for Wellbeing 
Home: Where Everyone is Welcome 
On Sep 23, 2017, at 2:20 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
wed -coming to your event 
On Sat, Sep 23, 2017 at 2:18 PM, Deepak Chopra < 
When are you in NYC ? 
Deepak Chopra MD 
2013 Costa Del Mar Road 
Carlsbad, CA 92009 
Chopra Foundation 
Jiyo 
wrote: 
EFTA00664839
--- PAGE 2 ---
Chopra Center for Wellbeing 
Home: Where Everyone is Welcome 
On Sep 23, 2017, at 12:55 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
welcome back to new york , but i can see you are still traveling 
On Sat, Sep 23, 2017 at 12:19 PM, Deepak Chopra < 
wrote: 
Yes 
They will bloom again 
All death is resurrection of soul and reinvention of experience as body / world 
The body is not the container of awareness but an experience in awareness . 
We interpret an intermittent stream of sense perceptions ( modifications of awareness ) as body world 
islands . 
Now is not a moment in time . 
Here is not a location in space. 
Now here is eternally present as awareness 
Love is Being eternally present as awareness ! 
Deepak Chopra MD 
2013 Costa Del Mar Road 
Carlsbad, CA 92009 
Chopra Foundation 
lyo 
Apra Center for Wellbeing 
Home: Where Everyone is Welcome 
EFTA00664840
--- PAGE 3 ---
On Sep 23, 2017, at 12:13 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
see you this week, my islands have been destroyed. but my spirit is thriving 
On Sat, Sep 23, 2017 at 12:11 PM, Deepak Chopra < 
Yes 
Just getting in 
Deepak Chopra MD 
2013 Costa Del Mar Road 
Carlsbad, CA 92009 
Chopra Foundation 
Jiyo 
Chopra Center for Wellbeing 
Home: Where Everyone is Welcome 
On Sep 23, 2017, at 12:05 PM, jeffity E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
are you back in new york? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00664841
--- PAGE 4 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664842
--- PAGE 5 ---
SA
SA 
EFTA00664843

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664844.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tomche Shabbos
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: WILL YOU HAVE THIS CONVERSATION? 
Date: Wed, 20 Sep 2017 13:07:19 +0000 
Gt"Lt"Lt"L'Lt"Lt'Ll', ;2, 
WEBSITE 
ABOUT 
DONATE 
VOLUNTEER 
EFTA00664844
--- PAGE 2 ---
L
Packaging Voluntee 
Quick Links 
See Us On Facebook! 
VISIT OUR WEBSITE 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Several years ago, I felt that I 
was not ready for the Yamim 
Noraim. I wanted to go into the 
Rosh Hashana davening being 
cognizant of the essence of Klal 
Yisrael. I needed it to permeate 
every fiber 
of 
my 
being. 
Unfortunately, I'm sometimes 
exposed to challenging and 
complicated 
situations 
that 
leave me somewhat dejected. 
Feeling that I needed a mental shift, I contacted an 
outstanding individual, an askan who regularly exhibits 
tremendous ahavas Yisrael, and asked if I could visit. After 
he and his wife welcomed me into their home, I thanked 
them for their service to Klal Yisrael. As we made 
conversation, I shared a story of unbelievable chesed that I 
had observed. As soon as I finished, the askan countered 
with his own story about an unusually selfless and 
generous individual. Before long, the couple and I were 
engaged in a game of verbal ping-pong, as we took turn 
sharing stories that illustrated the beauty and greatness of 
Klal Yisrael. 
The stories we shared that day ranged from incidents of 
outstanding tzeddakah or selflessness to that of a family 
who continued expressing hakaras hatov to a neighbor for 
a single chesed for decades afterwards. It was an 
emotional, charged experience, and by the time I left the 
askan's home, I was in a more positive state of mind. I felt 
uplifted and awed by the chesed and generosity of our 
nation and ready to face the Yamim Noraim. 
And so a tradition was born. 
EFTA00664845
--- PAGE 3 ---
The next year, I contacted a family I know, humble, 
intelligent people who have faced some challenges of their 
own. I told them I would be stopping by, though I gave no 
indication as to the purpose of my visit. 
Once I was sitting at the dining room table with the 
husband and wife, I explained that, as my personal 
preparation for the Yamim Noraim, I wished to share a 
story that illustrated the chesed of Klal Yisrael and invited 
them to do the same afterwards. Once again, I was soon 
swapping stories of great acts by seemingly simple Jews. 
When I left their home an hour later, I was overwhelmed 
with love and appreciation for our Holy Nation. 
Since then, I've had this pre-yom tov conversation with a 
different family each year. Sometimes we sit on the porch, 
sometimes at a dining room table, but always I leave 
feeling deeply moved and inspired. 
I truly feel a kinship with so many friends and supporters 
of Tomche Shabbos and wish that I can have this moving 
conversation once each year with every one of you. Perhaps 
the next best thing would be to encourage each of you to 
start your own conversation. Get together with family and 
friends, share such stories with each other, and I believe 
you will find this experience to be transformative. In fact, I 
welcome you to share one of your stories with me by 
writing to the email address that appears below. 
The chesed and greatness of spirit of our People truly 
knows no bounds. As I look back at another year of 
thousands of food packages delivered, dozens of utility 
shut-offs averted, tens of job placements secured, and 
countless spirits raised and bodies fed, I am humbled by all 
the generosity that made this work possible. 
I want to take this opportunity to thank you for your 
continued support and wish you a year of health, happiness 
and prosperity. 
EFTA00664846
--- PAGE 4 ---
Kesiva vachasima tova, 
Alan Rosenstock 
Thanks to your support, Tomche Shabbos assists 500 
families in Rockland County with food, job placements, 
utility payments, and more. For more information, visit 
www.tomcheshabbos.org/donate or call 
gAlj ek
urn 
pFoi 
iow 
Tomche Shabbos I 78 College Road I Monsey I NY 10952 
© 2015 All Rights Reserved 
Tomche Shabbos, 78 College Road, Monsey, NY 10952 
SafeUnsubscribe"" jeevacation@Qmail.com 
Forward this email I Update Profile I About our service  provider 
Sent by 
in collaboration with 
Constant Contact 
Try it free today 
EFTA00664847

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664848.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stem  
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 02 Sep 2017 09:15:52 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagel.JPG 
Victoria Secret Shanghai (attached) 
Could you get 4 tickets? 
Thanks 
EFTA00664848

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664849.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Pritzker, Tom" <II
> 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 02 Sep 2017 03:48:20 +0000 
Dates for NY are sept 19 dinner or sept 20 afternoon or dinner. 
Dates for Middle East are Oct 24-28. 
Sent from my iPhone 
The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may contain 
confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure. If you are not the 
intended recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, please 
immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message and any attachments. If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its 
attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00664849

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664850.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664850.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Anastasiya Siro <
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Revised letter re Klee 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 23:26:30 +0000 
Attachments: doc04781220170918180543.pdf 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Please take another look, we would like to send it out tonight. Please let me know if it's ok to send ? 
Thank you! 
Regards, 
Anastasiya Siro 
EFTA00664850

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664851.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Zubair Khan • 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Bitcoin 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 22:40:43 +0000 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Hope you are well. Wondering what is your opinion on Bitcoin? Good long term investment? 
Regards, 
Zubair 
Best regards, 
Zubair Khan 
Chief Executive ()nicer I Tranchulas 
London I San Francisco I Auckland I Islamabad 
email: 
I web: www.tranchulas.com 
EFTA00664851

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664852.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664852.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn <I 
To: "Jeffrey E." -4 
Subject: Fwd: Important Update on Hurricane Maria from Congresswoman Stacey Plaskett 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 22:24:35 +0000 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Congresswoman Stacey E. Plaskett" <newsletterplaskett@maithouse.goy>
Subject: Important Update on Hurricane Maria from Congresswoman Stacey Plaskett 
Date: September 18, 2017 at 4:58:26 PM EDT 
To: 
Reply-To: newsletter.plaskett@mail.house.gov
Having trouble viewing this email? Click here 
EFTA00664852
--- PAGE 2 ---
R 
EFTA00664853
--- PAGE 3 ---
R 
EFTA00664854
--- PAGE 4 ---
Click on the screenshot above to watch 
Congresswoman's Plaskett's statement on Hurricane Maria 
My Fellow Virgin Islanders: 
As your representative in the United States Congress, I wanted to reach out to you 
directly as we prepare for Hurricane Maria to impact our Territory this week. 
Hurricane Maria is a major and life-threatening storm and the Virgin Islands must be 
prepared. I have been in contact with VITEMA, the National Weather Service, the Red 
Cross and advance teams from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) as 
we have tracked this weather system and analyzed its potential impact on the Virgin 
Islands. 
I continue to be briefed by the NOAA on Hurricane Maria and current forecast models 
have the Virgin Islands in Maria's path. The Governor has declared a state of emergency 
for the Virgin Islands to make certain that the federal and the local governments are able 
to work together and to ensure resources are dispersed to our community as we prepare 
for this storm. The state of emergency allows our emergency management officials to act 
swiftly in the best interest of Virgin Islanders without the burden of bureaucracy or red 
tape. 
EFTA00664855
--- PAGE 5 ---
I urge all Virgin Islanders to remain vigilant and stay alert to local weather and news and 
visit my website, www.plaskett.house.gov and Facebook Page - Congresswoman 
Stacey Plaskett - today as we all prepare for Hurricane Maria. We will keep monitoring 
and issuing updates on Hurricane Maria. I encourage everyone to stay tuned to the latest 
weather information from the media and from VITEMA until Hurricane Maria has safely 
passed the territory. Our office in Washington, DC will remain open and we can be 
reached at 202-225-1790. 
Again, residents and visitors should spend the rest of the day taking the necessary steps 
to secure your family and property. As of now, we anticipate several hours of strong, 
damaging winds and rain across the Virgin Islands. The wind, in some locations, will be of 
hurricane force with even higher gusts. Additionally, due to heavy rain, flooding is a strong 
possibility across the territory. 
I can assure each of you that the government is prepared to activate all of its emergency 
response mechanisms in response to Hurricane Maria. I urge everyone to continue 
praying for the protection of our islands from this and other natural disasters. 
Again, my office in Washington, DC will be open throughout today and tonight and as long 
as is necessary for any questions or concerns. You can reach us at 202-225-1790. 
May God bless and protect you and your loved ones and may God bless the Virgin 
Islands. 
Stacey E. Plaskett 
Member of Congress 
United States Virgin Islands 
UPDATE ON HURRICANE MARIA 
EFTA00664856
--- PAGE 6 ---
FROM THE NATIONAL HURRICANE CENTER 
At 2:00 PM AST, the eye of Hurricane Maria was located by the French radar on 
Martinique near latitude 14.9 North, longitude 60.4 West. Maria is moving toward the 
west-northwest near 10 mph (17 km/h), and this motion with some decrease in forward 
speed is expected through Tuesday night. On the forecast track, the center of Maria will 
move across the Leeward Islands late today and tonight, over the extreme northeastern 
Caribbean Sea Tuesday and Tuesday night, and approach Puerto Rico and the Virgin 
Islands on Wednesday. 
Reports from an Air Force Reserve Hurricane Hunter aircraft indicate that maximum 
sustained winds have increased to near 125 mph (200 km/h) with higher gusts. Maria is a 
category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale. Additional rapid 
strengthening is forecast during the next 48 hours, and Maria is expected to be a 
dangerous major hurricane as it moves through the Leeward Islands and the northeastern 
Caribbean Sea. 
Hurricane-force winds extend outward up to 15 miles (30 km) from the center and tropical-
storm-force winds extend outward up to 125 miles (205 km). 
The minimum central pressure estimated from the Hurricane Hunter aircraft data is 956 
mb (28.23 inches). 
EFTA00664857
--- PAGE 7 ---
HAZARDS AFFECTING LAND 
WIND: Hurricane conditions are first expected within portions of the Leeward Islands by 
late today, with tropical storm conditions beginning shortly. Hurricane conditions should 
spread through the remainder of the hurricane warning area tonight through Tuesday 
night. Hurricane conditions are possible within the hurricane watch area Tuesday through 
Wednesday, with tropical storm conditions possible later today or tonight. Tropical storm 
conditions are possible in the tropical storm watch area through tonight. 
STORM SURGE: A dangerous storm surge accompanied by large and destructive waves 
will raise water levels by as much as 6 to 9 feet above normal tide levels in the hurricane 
waming area near where the center of Maria moves across the Leeward Islands and the 
British Virgin Islands. 
The combination of a dangerous storm surge and the tide will cause normally dry areas 
near the coast to be flooded by rising waters moving inland from the shoreline. The water 
is expected to reach the following heights above ground if the peak surge occurs at the 
time of high tide. 
Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands...6 to 9 ft 
The deepest water will occur along the immediate coast near and to the north and east of 
the landfall location, where the surge will be accompanied by large and destructive 
waves. Surge-related flooding depends on the relative timing of the surge and the tidal 
cycle, and can vary greatly over short distances. For information specific to your area, 
please see products issued by your local National Weather Service forecast office. 
RAINFALL: Maria is expected to produce total rain accumulations of 6 to 12 inches with 
isolated maximum amounts of 20 inches across the central and southern Leeward 
Islands, and the U.S. and British Virgin Islands through Wednesday night. Rainfall 
amounts of 6 to 12 inches with isolated maximum amounts of 25 inches are expected 
across Puerto Rico. Maria is also expected to produce total rain accumulations of 2 to 4 
inches with isolated maximum amounts of 8 inches over the remaining northern Leeward 
Islands from Barbuda to Anguilla, eastern portions of the Dominican Republic, as well as 
the Windward Islands and Barbados. Rainfall on all of these islands could cause life-
threatening flash floods and mudslides. 
SURF: Swells generated by Maria are affecting the Lesser Antilles. These swells are likely 
to cause life-threatening surf and rip current conditions. Please consult products from your 
local weather office. 
IMPORTANT PREPAREDNESS INFORMATION 
ASSEMBLE A BASIC DISASTER SUPPLIES KIT 
To assemble a basic disaster supplies kit, store items in airtight plastic 
bags and put your entire disaster supplies kit in one or two easy-to-carry 
containers such as plastic bins or a duffel bag. 
Download the Recommended Supplies List (PDF) from Ready.gov 
Before the storm 
• Replenish supplies of batteries, non-perishable foods 
• Charge cell phones 
• Check working conditions of radios and flash-lights 
• Stay tuned to radio weather updates 
EFTA00664858
--- PAGE 8 ---
• Turn refrigerator and freezer to its coldest set-ting to keep food fresh as long as 
possible 
• Avoid opening door frequently 
• Install Hurricane Shutters 
• Prepare windows with boards, shutters or tape 
• Secure objects around your home that may fly away and cause danger 
• Unplug electrical equipment 
• Discuss with your family the type of hazards that could affect your home. e.g. storm 
surge, flooding and wind; devise and agree to an evacuation plan 
• Consume perishable foods first, then frozen foods. 
After the storm 
• Stay tuned to radio weather updates and news reports 
• Stay clear of downed power lines 
• Do not cut power or telephone lines 
• Do not touch fallen or low-hanging wires 
• Report unsafe electrical condition 
• Locate generators away from open windows and enclosed areas 
EMERGENCY INFORMATION 
Congresswoman Plaskett's Official Website 
Tel: (202) 225-1790 
InformUSVI- special USVI Government Hurricane website 
VITEMA 
St. Thomas: (340) 774-2244 
St. Croix: (340) 773-2244 
St.John: (340) 776-6444 
Government House / Office of the Governor 
WAPA Electrical and Water Emergencies 
Please include the following information when calling the WAPA Emergency Call Centers: 
Your name, account number, location, contact number, directions and nature of problem. 
St. Croix: (340) 773-0150 
St. Thomas/St. John/Water Island: (340) 774-1424 
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) 
U.S. Coast Guard 
American Red Cross 
;,' Li 
I  F 
;11./1 
ke 
ollo 
ew 
ew 
Congresswoman Stacey E. Plaskett, 331 Cannon HOB, Washington, DC 20515 
SafeUnsubscribe"4 
EFTA00664859
--- PAGE 9 ---
Forward this email I Update Profile I About our service  provider 
Sent by newsletter.plaskett@mail.house.gov in collaboration with 
2, Constant Contact 
Try it free today 
EFTA00664860

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664861.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Heather Gray
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Sublime - letter and invoice 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 22:14:46 +0000 
Attachments: Klee_letter_to_Sublime_v.3.pdf 
Okay, here is the revised letter. Okay to send to Anna? 
From: jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, September 18, 2017 6:11 PM 
To: Heather Gray <
> 
Subject: Re: Sublime - letter and invoice 
yes it ok 
On Mon, Sep 18, 2017 at 6:10 PM, Heather Gray < 
> wrote: 
But do we 100% feel comfortable that Sublime will give us the money? I don't know Anna at all. She may be perfectly 
trustworthy, but ... 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Monday, September 18, 2017 6:06 PM 
To: Heather Gray c
> 
Subject: Re: Sublime - letter and invoice 
I would change it to say once sublime receives the money you will allow it to ship. otherwise we wil be 
dealing withescrows etc 
On Mon, Sep 18, 2017 at 5:58 PM, Heather Gray < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Please see the revised letter and the invoice and let me know if you have any comments. I won't send the 
revised letter to Anna until I hear from you. 
Best, 
Heather 
Heather Gray 
Art Counsel 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue Suite 1401 
New York NY 10022 
646-589-0315 
EFTA00664861
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664862

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664863.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664863.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein .<:jeevaeation@grnail.coin> 
Subject: confidential please 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 22: 11:12 +0000 
here is the concept i am discussing w arch capital today and then w third rock and 
voyager on thursday and friday. i will also go visit the scientists that harvest and inject 
mitochondria at harvard (hearts only). 
oxygen and energy are the two highest order system issues - nonspecific to just add 
oxygen or energy but it works for everything. doesn't fix underlying problem but does 
buy time, improve function and prevent greater damage from certain injuries if caught 
quickly. i think it can change the game big time in the neuro space. 
Mitochondria/ transplantation in the human brain 
Idea 
Mitochondrial transplantation is based on the delivery of isolated, viable mitochondria to 
the target organ to restore bioenergetic function. 
I believe we can augment or replace mitochondria in the brain damaged by 
ischemia/aging/disease as a mechanism to enhance cellular function and cellular rescue. 
Feasibility 
• Human trials underway elsewhere. 2016 heart trials effective - cardiac, skeletal 
muscle, pulmonary & hepatic tissue + neuronal 
• Augments a natural process. Glial/neuronal bidirectional organelle transfer, 
retrograde axonal recycling 
• Known delivery mechanisms. Accessible directly or via arterial endovascular 
• Known outcomes in other organs with similar bioenergetic demands. Cardiac 
trial results show that 10 min following mitochondrial transplantation myocardial 
function is significantly enhanced as compared to hearts receiving injection of 
respiration media (vehicle) alone and that this function remains enhanced for at 
least 28 days - the end point of current studies. 
Safety 
EFTA00664863
--- PAGE 2 ---
• Seems to mimic and turbocharge a natural process. Direct injection and 
vascular - rescues and restores function without immune, autoimmune activation or 
arrhythmia, etc 
• No systemic effects or side effects. In all studies of animal or humans, the 
distribution of mitochondria following delivery by direct injection or by vascular 
infusion remains within the end organ and is not detectable in other organs. This 
finding is important as the delivery of mitochondria by vascular infusion provides for 
localized therapy without cross-contamination to other end-organs. 
• Easy harvest. All cells in the human body contain mitochondria, except 
erythrocytes. Unless there is an underlying mitochondria] genetic disease, brain 
mitochondria in degenerative disease and aging are uniquely affected in function or 
reduced in amount. 
Efficacy 
• Compared to... Data indicates that autologous mitochondrial transplantation is 
efficacious as a cardioprotective therapy whether these organelles are delivered by 
directly injection or delivered by vascular infusion through the coronary arteries. 
• Mitochondrial isolation. Mitochondrial transplantation is based on the delivery of 
isolated, viable mitochondria to the target organ. The isolation of mitochondria can 
be performed using a variety of techniques and methodologies currently takes 90-
120 minutes to complete. 
• Lifespan. Isolated mitochondria can be stored on ice for approximately 1 h but 
storage beyond this time point greatly reduces efficacy. Previous reports that have 
shown that mitochondrial bioenergetic function is decreased to bw 10-15% of 
normal after the mitochondria were frozen, even when preservatives are used. 
• Organelle dynamics. Total mitochondria must be used for mitochondria] 
transplantation. The bioenergetic function of this population includes that of sub-
sarcolemmal and intra-fibrillar mitochondria. Previous studies have shown that 
mitochondrial sub-populations have differing but suboptimal effects. In most studies 
the number of mitochondria used for direct injection is 1-3 x 107 mitochondria. The 
mitochondria are suspended in buffer and injected directly or via the vascular tree. 
• Lifespan of transplant. Fluorescence microscopy has demonstrated that 
transplanted mitochondria delivered by direct injection are present and viable for at 
least 28 days following injection into the myocardium in animals. In the human 
heart: The transplanted mitochondria are widely distributed from the epicardium to 
the subendocardium. The majority of injected mitochondria are found initially within 
the interstitial spaces between cardiomyocytes. 
• Time to effect. In the human heart: within 1 hour post-directly injected delivery, 
the transplanted mitochondria are detectable within cardiomyocytes residing near 
the sarcolemma between Z lines of the sarcomeres and in clusters around 
endogenous damaged mitochondria as well as near the nucleus. Vascular delivery of 
mitochondria through the coronary arteries results in the rapid and widespread 
distribution of exogenous mitochondria throughout the heart, within 10 min and 
provides for cardioprotection. Also delivered mitochondria to the lung by vascular 
infusion through the pulmonary artery. In these studies, the mitochondria were 
EFTA00664864
--- PAGE 3 ---
labeled with 18F-rhodamine 6G. Positron emission tomography and computed 
tomography showed that the mitochondria were localized in the lung and were not 
detectable in any other areas of the body. 
• Dose calculation. Enumeration of injected mitochondria has shown that 43% of 
the injected mitochondria are attached to or found within cardiomyocytes. 
• Mechanism. At present, no known mechanism for this "end-organ homing", where 
the transplanted mitochondria are retained by the immediate down-stream organ, 
but suggest that this observation may play an important therapeutic role in future 
studies and applications using mitochondrial transplantation. 
EFTA00664865

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664866.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 22:08:08 +0000 
No power yet. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00664866

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664867.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn <:a> 
To: Nick Ribis 
Subject: update 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 22:00:24 +0000 
i just called you on your cell and it appears call was sent to VM 
please call me with update 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 
EFTA00664867

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664868.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Heather Gray
To: "Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com)" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Sublime - letter and invoice 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 21:58:54 +0000 
Attachments: Klee_invoice_to_Sublime.pdf; Klee_letter_to_Sublime_v.2.docx 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Please see the revised letter and the invoice and let me know if you have any comments. I won't send the revised letter 
to Anna until I hear from you. 
Best, 
Heather 
Heather Gray 
Art Counsel 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401 
New York, NY 10022 
EFTA00664868

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664869.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
<S> 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 21:54:58 +0000 
Eduardo called looking for you 
Asked to call back 
EFTA00664869

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664870.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re Klee 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 21:40:11 +0000 
Attachments: doc04777720170918161239.pdf 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Please take a look. 
Thank you! 
Regards, 
EFTA00664870

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664871.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Barry J. Cohen"
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Sales tax on Rent—PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 21:22:10 +0000 
Understood. We think we have answers, but appreciate that art rental is not a well developed market and we have to 
tread carefully. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacation@gmailcom] 
Sent: Monday, September 18, 2017 5:21 PM 
To: Barry J. Cohen <
> 
Subject: Re: Sales tax on Rent--PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
We are only talking about Debra predecessors 
On Mon, Sep 18, 2017 at 5:12 PM Barry J. Cohen <
IMa 
wrote: 
Alan H, Ada and Heather expressed the view that art LDB has given to the trusts can hang on the Blacks' walls because 
(a) DRB is a trust beneficiary and (b) the trusts are happy to allow the arrangement (as opposed to say, huge amounts 
of trust art hanging on another beneficiary's walls) for the reason I expressed. If DRB predeceases, then reason (a) 
disappears, and all agree that something else must be done—like a rental arrangement. Corporate art doesn't involve 
beneficiaries (though shareholders are maybe a little similar), and I suspect few of the corporate art cases can show (b). 
I had a conversation with Charles and Ivan Deutsch, and I think they agreed with the above, but I can't remember for 
sure. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Monday, September 18, 2017 4:57 PM 
To: Barry J. Cohen •,:
>; Leon Black <
> 
Subject: Re: Sales tax on Rent—PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
again barry, could you refrain from referring to firms but give me names of who said what. it tells my littel 
otherwise 
On Mon, Sep 18, 2017 at 4:05 PM, Barry J. Cohen < 
> wrote: 
That is my opinion as a trustee. Or former trustee. I would be violating my fiduciary duty if I did not do everything I 
could to maximize the value of the trust's art. Lending to museums can be an important way to enhance value. The 
best way for that to happen is by persuading Leon to put it on his walls, where curators can see it. I've never heard 
lawyers put it that way, but PW, and I think S&C, agree with my thinking, as do Heather and Ada. 
Whether the value to the trusts is more or less than personal satisfaction LDB gets from keeping it on his walls is 
inherently uncertain. 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Monday, September 18, 2017 3:44 PM 
To: Barry J. Cohen; Leon Black 
Subject: [External) Fwd: Sales tax on Rent—PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
I would also like to know , who opined that it is for the trust benefit. . as much as leons 
------ Forwarded message 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
EFTA00664871
--- PAGE 2 ---
Date: Mon, Sep 18, 2017 at 3:42 PM 
Subject: Re: Sales tax on Rent--PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
To: "Bany J. Cohen" 
it is a lease. who advised you that no one pays. ? 
is that the same as it is not owed? 
On Mon, Sep 18, 2017 at 2:40 PM, Barry J. Cohen  
I> wrote: 
Should Debra pre-decease, and our structure does not change, we agree that we have to seriously consider 
charging Leon rent. I think there is a strong case that trustees will want the art to remain hanging on Leon's 
wall if there is still the significant flow of curator traffic through his residences. As discussed, that traffic 
leads to loans, which can greatly enhance value. I.e., the art is on LDB's walls as much for the trusts' 
benefit as for LDB's. 
If LDB pays rent to the trusts, then he arguably owes sales tax. We are advised that no one pays sales tax on 
rent, but we're not sure why that position is taken. If the trusts collect sales tax, we have always assumed 
that they would bear the burden of reporting and remitting it. 
Barry J. Cohen I 
President and Special Counsel
Elysium Management, LLC I 
445 Park Avenue Suite 1401 
New 
 NY 10022 I 
Tel. (646) 589-0322 I Cell (917) 941-0270 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00664872
--- PAGE 3 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to 
whom they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, 
retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by 
persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error 
please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664873

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664874.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 21:21:02 +0000 
Yes!!!! 
na, 18 cent 2017 r. s 16:54, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com>:
come at 830? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNS®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Arina 
EFTA00664874

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664875.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Barry J. Cohen"
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Sales tax on Rent—PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 20:55:46 +0000 
As you point out, few are in Leon's situation of having curators regularly come through the residences and actually lend to 
museums. In any event, I'm only expressing a strong view on the obvious point that curators seeing the trusts' art leads to 
a demonstrable appreciation in value. We track valuation and the numerous curator visits. We track what trust art gets 
lent out. Would be interesting to see if the cases laughed out of court had the same circumstances. If you point me in the 
right direction, I can try to track them down. 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacation@gmaitcom] 
Sent: Monday, September 18, 2017 4:49 PM 
To: Barry J. Cohen •,:
> 
Subject: Re: Sales tax on Rent--PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
not paying income tax also maximized the value of the trust property, that is not the standard. the case of 
corporate art on the shareholders walls has been laughed out of court when the goofball made the same claim, :) 
On Mon, Sep 18, 2017 at 4:46 PM, Barry J. Cohen < 
> wrote: 
I asked that exact question, and was told something different. I was told that the "no benefit" standard did not apply. I 
think Ada may have told me that, but I have to refresh my recollection. She is out this week. 
My strong opinion related only to what maximizes the value of the trust property. Nothing else. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Monday, September 18, 2017 4:42 PM 
To: Barry J. Cohen 
Subject: Re: Sales tax on Rent—PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
again, im sorry, you just hve zero experience in this area and frankly no right to a strong opinion. the 
burden is not on the irs , it is on you to prove leon gets no benefit. . barry 
On Mon, Sep 18, 2017 at 4:05 PM, Barry J. Cohen < 
> wrote: 
That is my opinion as a trustee. Or former trustee. I would be violating my fiduciary duty if I did not do everything I 
could to maximize the value of the trust's art. Lending to museums can be an important way to enhance value. The 
best way for that to happen is by persuading Leon to put it on his walls, where curators can see it. I've never heard 
lawyers put it that way, but PW, and I think S&C, agree with my thinking, as do Heather and Ada. 
Whether the value to the trusts is more or less than personal satisfaction LDB gets from keeping it on his walls is 
inherently uncertain. 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacation@gmail.oam
Sent: Monday, September 18, 2017 3:44 PM 
To: Barry J. Cohen; Leon Black 
Subject: [External] Fwd: Sales tax on Rent—PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
I would also like to know , who opined that it is for the trust benefit. . as much as leons 
------ Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey E <jeevacation@gmail.com>
EFTA00664875
--- PAGE 2 ---
Date: Mon, Sep 18, 2017 at 3:42 PM 
Subject: Re: Sales tax on Rent--PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
To: "Barry J. Cohen"
it is a lease. who advised you that no one pays. ? 
is that the same as it is not owed? 
On Mon, Sep 18, 2017 at 2:40 PM, Barry J. Cohen < 
wrote: 
Should Debra pre-decease, and our structure does not change, we agree that we have to seriously consider 
charging Leon rent. I think there is a strong case that trustees will want the art to remain hanging on Leon's 
wall if there is still the significant flow of curator traffic through his residences. As discussed, that traffic 
leads to loans, which can greatly enhance value. I.e., the art is on LDB's walls as much for the trusts' 
benefit as for LDB's. 
If LDB pays rent to the trusts, then he arguably owes sales tax. We are advised that no one pays sales tax on 
rent, but we're not sure why that position is taken. If the trusts collect sales tax, we have always assumed 
that they would bear the burden of reporting and remitting it. 
Barry J. Cohen I 
President and Special Counsel 
Elysium Management, LLC I 
445 Park Avenue Suite 1401 
New York,  NY 10022 I 
Tel. (646) 589-0322 I Cell 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00664876
--- PAGE 3 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to 
whom they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, 
retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by 
persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error 
please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00664877

--- SOURCE: 0228__EFTA00664878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0228
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00664878.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MINIII
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Melanie 
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2017 20:40:37 +0000 
Melanie says Leon is at a meeting at MoMa now...he will be coming here straight from there...so it could be 
hard for her to notify us when he is on the way... 
EFTA00664878
